CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
Exploring|||the|||Role|||of|||the|||Reader|||in|||the|||Activity|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest0 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-Exploring exploring exploring a E Ex Exp Expl g ng ing ring InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Role role role a R Ro Rol Role e le ole Role InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others title
Blogging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 1Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest0 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-Blogging blogging blogging a B Bl Blo Blog g ng ing ging InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others title
Eric|||Baumer|||Mark|||Sueyoshi|||Bill|||Tomlinson noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest-1 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-Eric eric eric a E Er Eri Eric c ic ric Eric InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Baumer baumer baumer a B Ba Bau Baum r er mer umer InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Mark mark mark a M Ma Mar Mark k rk ark Mark InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Sueyoshi sueyoshi sueyoshi a S Su Sue Suey i hi shi oshi InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others author
Department|||of|||Informatics|||Int’l|||Studies|||/|||East|||Asian|||Cultures|||Department|||of|||Informatics noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest-1 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-Department department department a D De Dep Depa t nt ent ment InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-Informatics informatics informatics a I In Inf Info s cs ics tics InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Int’l int’l intl a I In Int Int’ l ’l t’l nt’l InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others affiliation
U|||of|||California,|||Irvine,|||USA|||U|||of|||California,|||Irvine,|||USA|||U|||of|||California,|||Irvine,|||USA noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest-1 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-U u u A U U| U|| U||| | || ||| U||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-California, california, california , C Ca Cal Cali , a, ia, nia, InitCap nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-Irvine, irvine, irvine , I Ir Irv Irvi , e, ne, ine, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct affiliation
ebaumer@ics.uci.edu|||msueyosh@uci.edu|||wmt@uci.edu noEditors lineNumOthers possibleEmail POS-0 0Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_largest-1 xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_header TOKEN-ebaumer@ics.uci.edu ebaumer@ics.uci.edu ebaumericsuciedu a e eb eba ebau u du edu .edu others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-msueyosh@uci.edu msueyosh@uci.edu msueyoshuciedu a m ms msu msue u du edu .edu others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-wmt@uci.edu wmt@uci.edu wmtuciedu a w wm wmt wmt@ u du edu .edu others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others email
ABSTRACT noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 1Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-ABSTRACT abstract abstract A A AB ABS ABST T CT ACT RACT AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
Within|||the|||last|||decade,|||blogs|||have|||become|||an|||important noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Within within within a W Wi Wit With n in hin thin InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-last last last a l la las last t st ast last others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-decade, decade, decade , d de dec deca , e, de, ade, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
element|||of|||popular|||culture,|||mass|||media,|||and|||the|||daily|||lives noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-element element element a e el ele elem t nt ent ment others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-popular popular popular a p po pop popu r ar lar ular others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-culture, culture, culture , c cu cul cult , e, re, ure, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
of|||countless|||Internet|||users.|||Despite|||the|||medium’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-countless countless countless a c co cou coun s ss ess less others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Internet internet internet a I In Int Inte t et net rnet InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-users. users. users . u us use user . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
interactive|||nature,|||most|||research|||on|||blogs|||focuses|||on|||either noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interactive interactive interactive a i in int inte e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-nature, nature, nature , n na nat natu , e, re, ure, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||blog|||itself|||or|||the|||blogger,|||rarely|||if|||at|||all|||focusing|||on|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-itself itself itself a i it its itse f lf elf self others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
reader’s|||impact.|||In|||order|||to|||gain|||a|||better|||understanding|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-impact. impact. impact . i im imp impa . t. ct. act. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-order order order a o or ord orde r er der rder others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||social|||practice|||of|||blogging,|||we|||must|||take|||into|||account noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-practice practice practice a p pr pra prac e ce ice tice others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
the|||role,|||contributions,|||and|||significance|||of|||the|||reader.|||This noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-role, role, role , r ro rol role , e, le, ole, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-contributions, contributions, contributions , c co con cont , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
paper|||presents|||the|||findings|||of|||a|||qualitative|||study|||of|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presents presents presents a p pr pre pres s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
readers,|||including|||common|||blog|||reading|||practices,|||some|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers, readers, readers , r re rea read , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-including including including a i in inc incl g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-common common common a c co com comm n on mon mmon others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||dimensions|||along|||which|||reading|||practices|||vary, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-dimensions dimensions dimensions a d di dim dime s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-along along along a a al alo alon g ng ong long others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
relationships|||between|||identity|||presentation|||and|||perception, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relationships relationships relationships a r re rel rela s ps ips hips others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-identity identity identity a i id ide iden y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||interpretation|||of|||temporality,|||and|||the|||ways|||in|||which noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-interpretation interpretation interpretation a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-temporality, temporality, temporality , t te tem temp , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
readers|||feel|||that|||they|||are|||a|||part|||of|||the|||blogs|||they|||read.|||It noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
also|||describes|||similarities|||to,|||and|||discrepancies|||with, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-describes describes describes a d de des desc s es bes ibes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-similarities similarities similarities a s si sim simi s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to, to, to , t to to, to,| | ,| o,| to,| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct bodyText
previous|||work,|||and|||suggests|||a|||number|||of|||directions|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-previous previous previous a p pr pre prev s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work, work, work , w wo wor work , k, rk, ork, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-suggests suggests suggests a s su sug sugg s ts sts ests others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
implications|||for|||future|||work|||on|||blogging. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-implications implications implications a i im imp impl s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-future future future a f fu fut futu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Author|||Keywords noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 2Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Author author author a A Au Aut Auth r or hor thor InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Keywords keywords keywords a K Ke Key Keyw s ds rds ords InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
Blogging,|||blog|||readers. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 3Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Blogging, blogging, blogging , B Bl Blo Blog , g, ng, ing, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers. readers. readers . r re rea read . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others keyword
ACM|||Classification|||Keywords noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 3Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Classification classification classification a C Cl Cla Clas n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Keywords keywords keywords a K Ke Key Keyw s ds rds ords InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
H.5.m.|||Information|||interfaces|||and|||presentation|||(e.g.,|||HCI): noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-H.5.m. h.5.m. h5m . H H. H.5 H.5. . m. .m. 5.m. others hasDig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Information information information a I In Inf Info n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interfaces interfaces interfaces a i in int inte s es ces aces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others category
Miscellaneous;|||K.4.m.|||Computers|||and|||Society: noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 4Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Miscellaneous; miscellaneous; miscellaneous ; M Mi Mis Misc ; s; us; ous; InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-K.4.m. k.4.m. k4m . K K. K.4 K.4. . m. .m. 4.m. others hasDig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Computers computers computers a C Co Com Comp s rs ers ters InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others category
Miscellaneous. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 1Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Miscellaneous. miscellaneous. miscellaneous . M Mi Mis Misc . s. us. ous. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others category
INTRODUCTION noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 1Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-INTRODUCTION introduction introduction A I IN INT INTR N ON ION TION AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
By|||most|||indications,|||blogs|||are|||proliferating|||at|||an|||ever- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-By by by a B By By| By|| | || y|| By|| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-indications, indications, indications , i in ind indi , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
increasing|||rate.|||Although|||specific|||figures|||vary|||among noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-increasing increasing increasing a i in inc incr g ng ing sing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-rate. rate. rate . r ra rat rate . e. te. ate. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Although although although a A Al Alt Alth h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
different|||sources|||[16,25]|||there|||is|||consensus|||that|||blogs|||have noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-sources sources sources a s so sou sour s es ces rces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[16,25] [16,25] 1625 ] [ [1 [16 [16, ] 5] 25] ,25] others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
become|||an|||important,|||active,|||and|||influential|||part|||of|||online noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-become become become a b be bec beco e me ome come others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-important, important, important , i im imp impo , t, nt, ant, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-active, active, active , a ac act acti , e, ve, ive, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
media.|||Research|||on|||blogging,|||e.g.,|||[11,15,21],|||has|||revealed noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-media. media. media . m me med medi . a. ia. dia. others nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-Research research research a R Re Res Rese h ch rch arch InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogging, blogging, blogging , b bl blo blog , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
important|||insights|||about|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging,|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-insights insights insights a i in ins insi s ts hts ghts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
attitudes|||of|||bloggers,|||and|||the|||practices|||surrounding|||blogs. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-attitudes attitudes attitudes a a at att atti s es des udes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-bloggers, bloggers, bloggers , b bl blo blog , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
However,|||blogging|||is|||not|||a|||solo|||activity.|||While|||work|||has noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
been|||done|||in|||areas|||such|||as|||analyzing|||conversations|||between noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-been been been a b be bee been n en een been others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-done done done a d do don done e ne one done others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-areas areas areas a a ar are area s as eas reas others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Permission|||to|||make|||digital|||or|||hard|||copies|||of|||all|||or|||part|||of|||this|||work|||for noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Permission permission permission a P Pe Per Perm n on ion sion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-make make make a m ma mak make e ke ake make others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-digital digital digital a d di dig digi l al tal ital others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others copyright
personal|||or|||classroom|||use|||is|||granted|||without|||fee|||provided|||that|||copies|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-personal personal personal a p pe per pers l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-classroom classroom classroom a c cl cla clas m om oom room others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-use use use a u us use use| | e| se| use| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others copyright
not|||made|||or|||distributed|||for|||profit|||or|||commercial|||advantage|||and|||that|||copies noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-made made made a m ma mad made e de ade made others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-distributed distributed distributed a d di dis dist d ed ted uted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others copyright
bear|||this|||notice|||and|||the|||full|||citation|||on|||the|||first|||page.|||To|||copy|||otherwise, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bear bear bear a b be bea bear r ar ear bear others nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-notice notice notice a n no not noti e ce ice tice others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others copyright
or|||republish,|||to|||post|||on|||servers|||or|||to|||redistribute|||to|||lists,|||requires|||prior noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-republish, republish, republish , r re rep repu , h, sh, ish, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-post post post a p po pos post t st ost post others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others copyright
specific|||permission|||and/or|||a|||fee. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 4Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-permission permission permission a p pe per perm n on ion sion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and/or and/or andor a a an and and/ r or /or d/or others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others copyright
CHI|||2008,|||April|||5–10,|||2008,|||Florence,|||Italy. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 4Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008, 2008, 2008 , 2 20 200 2008 , 8, 08, 008, others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-April april april a A Ap Apr Apri l il ril pril InitCap nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-5–10, 5–10, 510 , 5 5– 5–1 5–10 , 0, 10, –10, others 3dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct note
Copyright|||2008|||ACM|||978-1-60558-011-1/08/04...$5.00. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 2Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Copyright copyright copyright a C Co Cop Copy t ht ght ight InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-978-1-60558-011-1/08/04...$5.00. 978-1-60558-011-1/08/04...$5.00. 97816055801110804500 . 9 97 978 978- . 0. 00. .00. others possiblePage 0 no no no no no no multiHyphen copyright
blogs,|||e.g.,|||[7,10],|||and|||applying|||social|||network|||analysis|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-[7,10], [7,10], 710 , [ [7 [7, [7,1 , ], 0], 10], others 3dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs,|||e.g.,|||[8,19],|||little|||work|||has|||been|||done|||examining|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-[8,19], [8,19], 819 , [ [8 [8, [8,1 , ], 9], 19], others 3dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-little little little a l li lit litt e le tle ttle others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
role|||of|||the|||reader|||in|||the|||blogging|||process.|||This|||gap|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-role role role a r ro rol role e le ole role others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
surprising,|||considering|||Nardi|||et|||al.’s|||prediction|||that|||“future noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-surprising, surprising, surprising , s su sur surp , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-considering considering considering a c co con cons g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Nardi nardi nardi a N Na Nar Nard i di rdi ardi InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-et et et a e et et| et|| | || t|| et|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
research|||is|||sure|||to|||pay|||attention|||to|||blog|||readers”|||[21:231]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-sure sure sure a s su sur sure e re ure sure others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
Furthermore,|||according|||to|||Lenhart|||and|||Fox|||[16],|||as|||of|||July noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Furthermore, furthermore, furthermore , F Fu Fur Furt , e, re, ore, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-according according according a a ac acc acco g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-Lenhart lenhart lenhart a L Le Len Lenh t rt art hart InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
2006,|||57|||million|||American|||adults|||read|||blogs,|||over|||a|||third|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-2006, 2006, 2006 , 2 20 200 2006 , 6, 06, 006, others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-57 57 57 0 5 57 57| 57|| | || 7|| 57|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-million million million a m mi mil mill n on ion lion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-American american american a A Am Ame Amer n an can ican InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||147|||million|||who|||use|||the|||Internet.|||Sifry|||[25]|||puts|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-147 147 147 0 1 14 147 147| | 7| 47| 147| others 3dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-million million million a m mi mil mill n on ion lion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
number|||of|||unique|||Technorati|||visitors|||at|||over|||9|||million|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-number number number a n nu num numb r er ber mber others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-unique unique unique a u un uni uniq e ue que ique others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Technorati technorati technorati a T Te Tec Tech i ti ati rati InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
March|||2007,|||up|||by|||over|||50%|||from|||February|||2007.|||Clearly, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-March march march a M Ma Mar Marc h ch rch arch InitCap nonNum 28 no no lastName monthName placeName no others TOKEN-2007, 2007, 2007 , 2 20 200 2007 , 7, 07, 007, others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-up up up a u up up| up|| | || p|| up|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
not|||only|||is|||the|||number|||of|||blogs|||increasing,|||but|||also|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
number|||of|||blog|||readers.|||The|||role|||of|||this|||ever|||increasing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-number number number a n nu num numb r er ber mber others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers. readers. readers . r re rea read . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
population|||of|||blog|||readers|||presents|||a|||promising|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-population population population a p po pop popu n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
important,|||yet|||little-explored,|||area|||of|||research. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-important, important, important , i im imp impo , t, nt, ant, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-yet yet yet a y ye yet yet| | t| et| yet| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-little-explored, little-explored, littleexplored , l li lit litt , d, ed, red, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-area area area a a ar are area a ea rea area others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
This|||paper|||is|||not|||the|||first|||call|||for|||a|||focus|||on|||readers.|||In|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
1960’s|||and|||1970’s,|||a|||shift|||occurred|||in|||literary|||theory|||from noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-1960’s 1960’s 1960s a 1 19 196 1960 s ’s 0’s 60’s others hasDig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-1970’s, 1970’s, 1970s , 1 19 197 1970 , s, ’s, 0’s, others hasDig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
focusing|||primarily|||on|||the|||literary|||object|||itself|||to|||including noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-focusing focusing focusing a f fo foc focu g ng ing sing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-primarily primarily primarily a p pr pri prim y ly ily rily others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||reader’s|||response|||to|||the|||literature.|||Reader-response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-response response response a r re res resp e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
theory,|||or|||reader-response|||criticism,|||cf.|||[3,17],|||focuses|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-theory, theory, theory , t th the theo , y, ry, ory, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader-response reader-response readerresponse a r re rea read e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-criticism, criticism, criticism , c cr cri crit , m, sm, ism, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
on|||the|||literature|||itself|||but|||rather|||on|||the|||audience’s|||response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-literature literature literature a l li lit lite e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-itself itself itself a i it its itse f lf elf self others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to,|||and|||interpretation|||of,|||the|||text.|||The|||reader|||is|||not|||a|||passive noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to, to, to , t to to, to,| | ,| o,| to,| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interpretation interpretation interpretation a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of, of, of , o of of, of,| | ,| f,| of,| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName contPunct bodyText
recipient|||of|||content,|||this|||critique|||argues,|||but|||rather|||engages noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-recipient recipient recipient a r re rec reci t nt ent ient others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-content, content, content , c co con cont , t, nt, ent, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
in|||an|||active|||process|||of|||interpretation.|||Reality|||and|||meaning noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-active active active a a ac act acti e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-process process process a p pr pro proc s ss ess cess others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
exist|||neither|||solely|||in|||the|||text|||nor|||solely|||in|||the|||reader,|||but noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-exist exist exist a e ex exi exis t st ist xist others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-neither neither neither a n ne nei neit r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-solely solely solely a s so sol sole y ly ely lely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
are|||constructed|||through|||the|||dialectic|||interactions|||between noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-constructed constructed constructed a c co con cons d ed ted cted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||two.|||Similarly,|||the|||reality|||and|||meaning|||of|||a|||blog|||exists noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-two. two. two . t tw two two. . o. wo. two. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Similarly, similarly, similarly , S Si Sim Simi , y, ly, rly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
neither|||solely|||in|||the|||blog|||itself|||nor|||solely|||in|||the|||reader,|||but noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-neither neither neither a n ne nei neit r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-solely solely solely a s so sol sole y ly ely lely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
rather|||in|||the|||reader’s|||active|||interpretation|||of,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
interaction|||with,|||the|||blog.|||Furthermore,|||technologies|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with, with, with , w wi wit with , h, th, ith, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
practices|||such|||as|||commenting,|||linking,|||tagging,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-practices practices practices a p pr pra prac s es ces ices others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-commenting, commenting, commenting , c co com comm , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
trackbacks|||enable|||a|||level|||of|||explicit|||interaction|||with|||both noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-trackbacks trackbacks trackbacks a t tr tra trac s ks cks acks others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-enable enable enable a e en ena enab e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-level level level a l le lev leve l el vel evel others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
the|||text|||and|||the|||author|||not|||available|||in|||previous|||textual noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-text text text a t te tex text t xt ext text others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
media.|||This|||paper|||argues|||for|||a|||shift|||in|||the|||study|||of|||blogging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-media. media. media . m me med medi . a. ia. dia. others nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-argues argues argues a a ar arg argu s es ues gues others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
similar|||to|||that|||in|||literary|||criticism|||represented|||by|||reader- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-similar similar similar a s si sim simi r ar lar ilar others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
response|||theory.|||This|||shift|||to|||emphasize|||the|||interactional noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-response response response a r re res resp e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-theory. theory. theory . t th the theo . y. ry. ory. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-shift shift shift a s sh shi shif t ft ift hift others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
aspects|||of|||blogging|||also|||fits|||into|||a|||larger|||trend|||in|||HCI noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-aspects aspects aspects a a as asp aspe s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
research|||of|||moving|||from|||the|||user|||as|||information|||processor, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-moving moving moving a m mo mov movi g ng ing ving others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
to|||human|||actor,|||to|||embodied|||experiencer|||[5].|||In|||order|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-human human human a h hu hum huma n an man uman others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-actor, actor, actor , a ac act acto , r, or, tor, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
understand|||the|||myriad|||contexts|||in|||which|||human-computer noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-myriad myriad myriad a m my myr myri d ad iad riad others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contexts contexts contexts a c co con cont s ts xts exts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
interaction|||takes|||place,|||researchers|||have|||adopted|||different noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-takes takes takes a t ta tak take s es kes akes others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-place, place, place , p pl pla plac , e, ce, ace, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-researchers researchers researchers a r re res rese s rs ers hers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
stances|||toward|||users|||and|||taken|||different|||perspectives|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-stances stances stances a s st sta stan s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-toward toward toward a t to tow towa d rd ard ward others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-users users users a u us use user s rs ers sers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
HCI|||systems.|||Similarly,|||in|||order|||to|||understand|||fully|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-HCI hci hci A H HC HCI HCI| | I| CI| HCI| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-systems. systems. systems . s sy sys syst . s. ms. ems. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Similarly, similarly, similarly , S Si Sim Simi , y, ly, rly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
activity|||of|||blogging,|||we|||must|||study|||not|||only|||bloggers|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging, blogging, blogging , b bl blo blog , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||blogs|||they|||produce,|||but|||also|||the|||readers|||of|||those|||blogs noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-produce, produce, produce , p pr pro prod , e, ce, uce, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
and|||their|||interactions|||with|||the|||blog|||and|||the|||blogger. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interactions interactions interactions a i in int inte s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
1111 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1111 1111 1111 0 1 11 111 1111 1 11 111 1111 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
This|||paper|||reports|||on|||the|||results|||of|||a|||qualitative|||study|||into noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reports reports reports a r re rep repo s ts rts orts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
the|||practices|||and|||culture|||of|||blog|||readers.|||How|||do|||readers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-practices practices practices a p pr pra prac s es ces ices others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-culture culture culture a c cu cul cult e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
contribute|||to|||and|||help|||shape|||the|||various|||blogs|||they|||read? noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-contribute contribute contribute a c co con cont e te ute bute others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-help help help a h he hel help p lp elp help others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
When,|||why,|||and|||how|||do|||readers|||choose|||to|||comment?|||How noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-When, when, when , W Wh Whe When , n, en, hen, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-why, why, why , w wh why why, , y, hy, why, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
do|||readers|||perceive|||the|||identity|||of|||the|||blogger?|||Do|||readers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perceive perceive perceive a p pe per perc e ve ive eive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
feel|||overwhelmed|||by|||the|||amount|||of|||information|||available noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed a o ov ove over d ed med lmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
through|||blogs?|||What|||habits|||do|||readers|||follow?|||While|||this noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs? blogs? blogs ? b bl blo blog ? s? gs? ogs? others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-What what what a W Wh Wha What t at hat What InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-habits habits habits a h ha hab habi s ts its bits others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
paper|||cannot|||address|||these|||questions|||in|||their|||entirety,|||it|||is|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-cannot cannot cannot a c ca can cann t ot not nnot others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-address address address a a ad add addr s ss ess ress others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
first|||step|||toward|||understanding|||the|||role,|||contributions,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-first first first a f fi fir firs t st rst irst others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-step step step a s st ste step p ep tep step others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-toward toward toward a t to tow towa d rd ard ward others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-understanding understanding understanding a u un und unde g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
significance|||of|||the|||reader|||in|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significance significance significance a s si sig sign e ce nce ance others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
RELATED|||WORK noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 2Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-RELATED related related A R RE REL RELA D ED TED ATED AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-WORK work work A W WO WOR WORK K RK ORK WORK AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
Recent|||work|||on|||blogging|||covers|||a|||wide|||range|||of|||topics|||(see noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Recent recent recent a R Re Rec Rece t nt ent cent InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
[24]|||for|||an|||overview).|||This|||section|||highlights|||work|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[24] [24] 24 ] [ [2 [24 [24] ] 4] 24] [24] others 2dig 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-overview). overview). overview . o ov ove over . ). w). ew). others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
helps|||inform|||this|||study.|||Nardi|||[21]|||examined|||the|||social noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-helps helps helps a h he hel help s ps lps elps others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-inform inform inform a i in inf info m rm orm form others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-study. study. study . s st stu stud . y. dy. udy. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct bodyText
nature|||of|||blogging|||activity,|||illustrating|||that|||blogs|||are|||quite noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-nature nature nature a n na nat natu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-activity, activity, activity , a ac act acti , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
unlike|||a|||personal|||diary.|||Lenhart’s|||[15]|||work|||pointed|||to|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-unlike unlike unlike a u un unl unli e ke ike like others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-personal personal personal a p pe per pers l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-diary. diary. diary . d di dia diar . y. ry. ary. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
slow|||development|||of|||norms|||given|||the|||decentralized|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-slow slow slow a s sl slo slow w ow low slow others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-development development development a d de dev deve t nt ent ment others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-norms norms norms a n no nor norm s ms rms orms others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
non-standardized|||activities|||that|||occur|||on|||and|||off|||blogs. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-non-standardized non-standardized nonstandardized a n no non non- d ed zed ized others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-activities activities activities a a ac act acti s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-occur occur occur a o oc occ occu r ur cur ccur others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Herring|||et|||al.|||[11]|||provide|||a|||genre|||analysis|||of|||weblogs. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Herring herring herring a H He Her Herr g ng ing ring InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-et et et a e et et| et|| | || t|| et|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-al. al. al . a al al. al.| | .| l.| al.| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-[11] [11] 11 ] [ [1 [11 [11] ] 1] 11] [11] others 2dig 0 no no no no no no braces bodyText
Within|||the|||emerging|||medium|||of|||blogs,|||boyd|||[1]|||addressed noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Within within within a W Wi Wit With n in hin thin InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-emerging emerging emerging a e em eme emer g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-medium medium medium a m me med medi m um ium dium others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||need|||for|||self-awareness|||tools|||to|||manage|||the|||fluidity|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-need need need a n ne nee need d ed eed need others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-self-awareness self-awareness selfawareness a s se sel self s ss ess ness others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identity|||presentation|||in|||blogs.|||Some|||have|||applied|||existing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identity identity identity a i id ide iden y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
analytic|||tools,|||such|||as|||social|||network|||analysis,|||e.g.,|||[8,|||19], noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-analytic analytic analytic a a an ana anal c ic tic ytic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-tools, tools, tools , t to too tool , s, ls, ols, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
to|||show|||that|||blogs|||are|||not|||highly|||interconnected|||in|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-show show show a s sh sho show w ow how show others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
decentralized|||fashion,|||but|||rather|||grouped|||in|||numerous noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-decentralized decentralized decentralized a d de dec dece d ed zed ized others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fashion, fashion, fashion , f fa fas fash , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
clusters|||of|||blogs|||with|||limited|||links|||between|||clusters. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-clusters clusters clusters a c cl clu clus s rs ers ters others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Studies|||using|||conversation|||analysis|||have|||suggested|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Studies studies studies a S St Stu Stud s es ies dies InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-using using using a u us usi usin g ng ing sing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-conversation conversation conversation a c co con conv n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-analysis analysis analysis a a an ana anal s is sis ysis others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
conversations|||across|||blogs|||and|||amongst|||bloggers|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-conversations conversations conversations a c co con conv s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-across across across a a ac acr acro s ss oss ross others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
limited|||to|||a|||small|||number|||of|||“A-list”|||blogs|||[10]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-limited limited limited a l li lim limi d ed ted ited others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-small small small a s sm sma smal l ll all mall others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Here,|||our|||focus|||is|||the|||audience.|||In|||Lenhart’s|||examination|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Here, here, here , H He Her Here , e, re, ere, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-focus focus focus a f fo foc focu s us cus ocus others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
norm|||formation|||in|||blogging|||[15],|||she|||discusses|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-norm norm norm a n no nor norm m rm orm norm others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-formation formation formation a f fo for form n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
anonymity|||of|||the|||blog|||audience|||and|||their|||occasional noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-anonymity anonymity anonymity a a an ano anon y ty ity mity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
terrifying|||effect|||on|||bloggers.|||Similarly,|||Reed|||[23]|||illustrates noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-terrifying terrifying terrifying a t te ter terr g ng ing ying others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-effect effect effect a e ef eff effe t ct ect fect others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bloggers. bloggers. bloggers . b bl blo blog . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
blogger|||self-censorship|||due|||to|||an|||audience|||made|||up|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-self-censorship self-censorship selfcensorship a s se sel self p ip hip ship others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-due due due a d du due due| | e| ue| due| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
certain|||friends|||and|||family.|||boyd|||[2]|||describes|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-certain certain certain a c ce cer cert n in ain tain others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-friends friends friends a f fr fri frie s ds nds ends others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-family. family. family . f fa fam fami . y. ly. ily. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
expectations|||that|||bloggers|||feel|||are|||placed|||on|||them|||by|||their noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-0 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
audience|||and|||how|||bloggers|||negotiate|||the|||formation|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-audience audience audience a a au aud audi e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
fulfillment|||of|||these|||expectations.|||Nardi|||suggests|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-fulfillment fulfillment fulfillment a f fu ful fulf t nt ent ment others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-expectations. expectations. expectations . e ex exp expe . s. ns. ons. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
“readers|||create|||blogs|||as|||much|||as|||writers”|||[21:225],|||giving noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“readers “readers readers a “ “r “re “rea s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-create create create a c cr cre crea e te ate eate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
them|||an|||equal|||role|||in|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging.|||Despite noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-them them them a t th the them m em hem them others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-equal equal equal a e eq equ equa l al ual qual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-role role role a r ro rol role e le ole role others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
acknowledging|||the|||presence|||and|||impact|||of|||an|||audience,|||no noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-acknowledging acknowledging acknowledging a a ac ack ackn g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-presence presence presence a p pr pre pres e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
previous|||blogging|||research|||has|||made|||blog|||readers|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-previous previous previous a p pr pre prev s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
primary|||focus.|||This|||paper|||aims|||to|||fill|||that|||gap. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-primary primary primary a p pr pri prim y ry ary mary others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-focus. focus. focus . f fo foc focu . s. us. cus. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
The|||position|||of|||the|||blog|||reader|||is|||often|||an|||ambiguous|||one. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-position position position a p po pos posi n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
Most|||research|||on|||blogs|||adopts|||the|||view|||that|||readers, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Most most most a M Mo Mos Most t st ost Most InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
commenters,|||and|||participants|||are|||also|||bloggers|||themselves, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-commenters, commenters, commenters , c co com comm , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
e.g.,|||[8].|||However,|||according|||to|||the|||statistics|||cited|||above, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-[8]. [8]. 8 . [ [8 [8] [8]. . ]. 8]. [8]. others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-according according according a a ac acc acco g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
there|||is|||obviously|||a|||large|||discrepancy|||between|||bloggers|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-obviously obviously obviously a o ob obv obvi y ly sly usly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
people|||who|||read|||blogs|||–|||not|||every|||reader|||is|||a|||blogger.|||The noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-people people people a p pe peo peop e le ple ople others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
question|||becomes,|||when|||does|||one|||move|||from|||being|||a|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-question question question a q qu que ques n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-becomes, becomes, becomes , b be bec beco , s, es, mes, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reader|||to|||a|||blogger?|||Is|||simply|||owning|||a|||blog|||enough,|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger? blogger? blogger ? b bl blo blog ? r? er? ger? others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
must|||there|||be|||regular|||updates?|||What|||is|||the|||requisite|||update noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-must must must a m mu mus must t st ust must others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-regular regular regular a r re reg regu r ar lar ular others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
frequency?|||Despite|||indications|||to|||the|||contrary,|||are|||there noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-frequency? frequency? frequency ? f fr fre freq ? y? cy? ncy? others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Despite despite despite a D De Des Desp e te ite pite InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-indications indications indications a i in ind indi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
any|||bloggers|||who|||do|||not|||read|||other|||blogs?|||It|||is|||be|||argued noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-any any any a a an any any| | y| ny| any| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
below|||that,|||rather|||than|||attempting|||to|||split|||individuals|||into noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-below below below a b be bel belo w ow low elow others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that, that, that , t th tha that , t, at, hat, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
either|||the|||category|||of|||blogger|||or|||the|||category|||of|||reader,|||it noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-either either either a e ei eit eith r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-category category category a c ca cat cate y ry ory gory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
might|||be|||more|||useful|||to|||consider|||the|||question|||in|||terms|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-might might might a m mi mig migh t ht ght ight others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-useful useful useful a u us use usef l ul ful eful others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
degree|||of|||membership,|||where|||an|||individual|||may|||be|||both|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-degree degree degree a d de deg degr e ee ree gree others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-membership, membership, membership , m me mem memb , p, ip, hip, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogger|||and|||a|||reader|||to|||varying|||and|||independent|||degrees. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
For|||the|||purposes|||of|||this|||study,|||we|||focus|||on|||those|||who|||have noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-purposes purposes purposes a p pu pur purp s es ses oses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
a|||high|||enough|||degree|||of|||readership|||to|||self-identify|||as|||a|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-high high high a h hi hig high h gh igh high others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-enough enough enough a e en eno enou h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-degree degree degree a d de deg degr e ee ree gree others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
reader,|||regardless|||of|||their|||degree|||of|||bloggership. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader, reader, reader , r re rea read , r, er, der, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-regardless regardless regardless a r re reg rega s ss ess less others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
THEORY noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 1Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-THEORY theory theory A T TH THE THEO Y RY ORY EORY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
In|||examining|||the|||activities|||that|||surround|||blog|||reading,|||this noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-examining examining examining a e ex exa exam g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-activities activities activities a a ac act acti s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
study|||is|||partially|||informed|||by|||ideas|||from|||reader-response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-study study study a s st stu stud y dy udy tudy others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-partially partially partially a p pa par part y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-informed informed informed a i in inf info d ed med rmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
theory|||[3,17],|||which|||help|||provide|||a|||general|||framework|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[3,17], [3,17], 317 , [ [3 [3, [3,1 , ], 7], 17], others 3dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-help help help a h he hel help p lp elp help others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
which|||to|||analyze|||the|||act|||of|||reading|||blogs.|||This|||section noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-analyze analyze analyze a a an ana anal e ze yze lyze others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
provides|||a|||brief|||introduction|||to|||reader-response|||theory, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-provides provides provides a p pr pro prov s es des ides others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-brief brief brief a b br bri brie f ef ief rief others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-introduction introduction introduction a i in int intr n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
situating|||it|||in|||the|||context|||of|||literary|||criticism,|||and|||describes noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-situating situating situating a s si sit situ g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
how|||the|||theory|||is|||applied|||in|||this|||paper. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
Despite|||the|||general|||inclination|||to|||situate|||reader-response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Despite despite despite a D De Des Desp e te ite pite InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-general general general a g ge gen gene l al ral eral others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-inclination inclination inclination a i in inc incl n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
theory|||in|||opposition|||to|||formalism,|||which|||posits|||that|||only noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-opposition opposition opposition a o op opp oppo n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||materiality|||of|||the|||text|||is|||significant,|||it|||actually noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-materiality materiality materiality a m ma mat mate y ty ity lity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
developed|||from|||within|||formalism|||itself|||(Tompkins,|||cited|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-developed developed developed a d de dev deve d ed ped oped others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-within within within a w wi wit with n in hin thin others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-formalism formalism formalism a f fo for form m sm ism lism others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
[3]).|||In|||the|||1950’s,|||reader-response|||theory|||branched|||out noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[3]). [3]). 3 . [ [3 [3] [3]) . ). ]). 3]). others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-1950’s, 1950’s, 1950s , 1 19 195 1950 , s, ’s, 0’s, others hasDig 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
from|||formalist|||discourse|||under|||the|||auspices|||of|||Gibson’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-formalist formalist formalist a f fo for form t st ist list others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-discourse discourse discourse a d di dis disc e se rse urse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-under under under a u un und unde r er der nder others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“mock|||reader”|||–|||the|||persona|||a|||reader|||should|||adopt|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“mock “mock mock a “ “m “mo “moc k ck ock mock others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader” reader” reader ” r re rea read ” r” er” der” others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
understand|||the|||text|||[3].|||Thus|||a|||slight|||variation|||within noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-text text text a t te tex text t xt ext text others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[3]. [3]. 3 . [ [3 [3] [3]. . ]. 3]. [3]. others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
formalism|||became|||the|||seed|||from|||which|||the|||reader|||and|||her noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-formalism formalism formalism a f fo for form m sm ism lism others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-became became became a b be bec beca e me ame came others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-seed seed seed a s se see seed d ed eed seed others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
or|||his|||interpretation|||gained|||significance. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interpretation interpretation interpretation a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-gained gained gained a g ga gai gain d ed ned ined others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Later|||reader-response|||theorists,|||such|||as|||Crosman|||[3], noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Later later later a L La Lat Late r er ter ater InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader-response reader-response readerresponse a r re rea read e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-theorists, theorists, theorists , t th the theo , s, ts, sts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
argued|||specifically|||that|||the|||“construction|||of|||meaning noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-argued argued argued a a ar arg argu d ed ued gued others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-specifically specifically specifically a s sp spe spec y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
ultimately|||resides|||in|||the|||auspices|||of|||readers,|||who|||approach noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-ultimately ultimately ultimately a u ul ult ulti y ly ely tely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-resides resides resides a r re res resi s es des ides others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
literary|||texts...|||from|||their|||own|||subjective|||perspectives” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-literary literary literary a l li lit lite y ry ary rary others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-texts... texts... texts . t te tex text . .. ... s... others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
[3:66].|||This|||view|||is|||reminiscent|||of|||Nardi|||et|||al.’s|||[21] noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[3:66]. [3:66]. 366 . [ [3 [3: [3:6 . ]. 6]. 66]. others 3dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-view view view a v vi vie view w ew iew view others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
assertion|||that|||the|||reader|||and|||writer|||both|||participate|||in|||co- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-assertion assertion assertion a a as ass asse n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
creating|||the|||blog,|||as|||well|||as|||Dourish’s|||[5]|||emphasis|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-creating creating creating a c cr cre crea g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
viewing|||the|||user|||as|||a|||situated,|||embodied|||actor|||that|||actively noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-viewing viewing viewing a v vi vie view g ng ing wing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-user user user a u us use user r er ser user others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
engages|||with|||a|||system|||in|||context.|||As|||an|||extension|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-engages engages engages a e en eng enga s es ges ages others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-system system system a s sy sys syst m em tem stem others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Crosman’s|||approach,|||Lewis|||[17]|||presents|||an|||alternate noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Crosman’s crosman’s crosmans a C Cr Cro Cros s ’s n’s an’s InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-approach, approach, approach , a ap app appr , h, ch, ach, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Lewis lewis lewis a L Le Lew Lewi s is wis ewis InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-[17] [17] 17 ] [ [1 [17 [17] ] 7] 17] [17] others 2dig 0 no no no no no no braces bodyText
method|||of|||performing|||a|||literary|||critique.|||He|||suggests|||rather noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-method method method a m me met meth d od hod thod others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-performing performing performing a p pe per perf g ng ing ming others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
than|||judging|||books|||as|||good|||or|||bad|||and|||making|||assertions noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-judging judging judging a j ju jud judg g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-books books books a b bo boo book s ks oks ooks others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
about|||someone’s|||tastes|||based|||on|||the|||books|||he|||or|||she|||reads, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-someone’s someone’s someones a s so som some s ’s e’s ne’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-tastes tastes tastes a t ta tas tast s es tes stes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-based based based a b ba bas base d ed sed ased others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“let|||us|||try|||to|||discover|||how|||far|||it|||might|||be|||plausible|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“let “let let a “ “l “le “let t et let “let others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-us us us a u us us| us|| | || s|| us|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-try try try a t tr try try| | y| ry| try| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
define|||a|||good|||book|||as|||a|||book|||which|||is|||read|||in|||one|||way,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-define define define a d de def defi e ne ine fine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-good good good a g go goo good d od ood good others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-book book book a b bo boo book k ok ook book others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
a|||bad|||book|||as|||a|||book|||which|||is|||read|||in|||another|||way”|||[16:1]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-bad bad bad a b ba bad bad| | d| ad| bad| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-book book book a b bo boo book k ok ook book others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
He|||argues|||that|||“good|||literature|||[is]|||that|||which|||permits, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-He he he a H He He| He|| | || e|| He|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-argues argues argues a a ar arg argu s es ues gues others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“good “good good a “ “g “go “goo d od ood good others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
invites,|||or|||even|||compels|||good|||reading”|||[16:104],|||and|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-invites, invites, invites , i in inv invi , s, es, tes, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-compels compels compels a c co com comp s ls els pels others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
examining|||the|||type|||of|||reading|||that|||a|||given|||work|||permits, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-examining examining examining a e ex exa exam g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-type type type a t ty typ type e pe ype type others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
invites,|||or|||compels|||can|||tell|||you|||about|||the|||merits|||of|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-invites, invites, invites , i in inv invi , s, es, tes, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-compels compels compels a c co com comp s ls els pels others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
work.|||While|||there|||may|||be|||questions|||as|||to|||what|||constitutes noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-work. work. work . w wo wor work . k. rk. ork. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-While while while a W Wh Whi Whil e le ile hile InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others bodyText
good|||reading,|||the|||purpose|||at|||hand|||is|||not|||to|||separate|||good noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-good good good a g go goo good d od ood good others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reading, reading, reading , r re rea read , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-purpose purpose purpose a p pu pur purp e se ose pose others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||from|||bad.|||Rather,|||it|||is|||to|||explore|||the|||extent|||to|||which noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bad. bad. bad . b ba bad bad. . d. ad. bad. others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no stopPunct TOKEN-Rather, rather, rather , R Ra Rat Rath , r, er, her, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct bodyText
we|||may|||understand|||a|||blog|||not|||by|||features|||of|||its|||content, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
structure,|||or|||technological|||aspects,|||but|||rather|||by|||the|||type|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-structure, structure, structure , s st str stru , e, re, ure, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-technological technological technological a t te tec tech l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-aspects, aspects, aspects , a as asp aspe , s, ts, cts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
reading|||practices|||in|||which|||readers|||of|||the|||blog|||engage. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-practices practices practices a p pr pra prac s es ces ices others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
METHODS noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 1Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-METHODS methods methods A M ME MET METH S DS ODS HODS AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
The|||authors|||chose|||to|||employ|||qualitative|||and|||ethnographic noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-authors authors authors a a au aut auth s rs ors hors others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-chose chose chose a c ch cho chos e se ose hose others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
methods|||in|||order|||to|||gain|||an|||understanding|||of|||the|||subjective noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-methods methods methods a m me met meth s ds ods hods others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-order order order a o or ord orde r er der rder others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
1112 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1112 1112 1112 0 1 11 111 1112 2 12 112 1112 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
experience|||of|||reading|||blogs.|||Participants|||were|||recruited noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-experience experience experience a e ex exp expe e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
through|||physical|||fliers|||posted|||on|||community|||bulletin noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-physical physical physical a p ph phy phys l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fliers fliers fliers a f fl fli flie s rs ers iers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-posted posted posted a p po pos post d ed ted sted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
boards|||and|||in|||public|||posting|||areas,|||as|||well|||as|||through noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-boards boards boards a b bo boa boar s ds rds ards others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-public public public a p pu pub publ c ic lic blic others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
online|||bulletin|||boards|||for|||the|||local|||community.|||The|||posted noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-bulletin bulletin bulletin a b bu bul bull n in tin etin others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-boards boards boards a b bo boa boar s ds rds ards others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
criteria|||were|||that|||respondents|||read|||at|||least|||5|||different|||blogs noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-criteria criteria criteria a c cr cri crit a ia ria eria others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respondents respondents respondents a r re res resp s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
at|||least|||2|||to|||3|||times|||per|||week.|||In|||total,|||23|||individuals noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-at at at a a at at| at|| | || t|| at|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-least least least a l le lea leas t st ast east others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-2 2 2 0 2 2| 2|| 2||| | || ||| 2||| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
replied|||to|||these|||advertisements:|||21|||responded|||to|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-replied replied replied a r re rep repl d ed ied lied others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-advertisements: advertisements: advertisements : a ad adv adve : s: ts: nts: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
physical|||fliers,|||and|||2|||replied|||to|||the|||online|||postings.|||Of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-physical physical physical a p ph phy phys l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fliers, fliers, fliers , f fl fli flie , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-2 2 2 0 2 2| 2|| 2||| | || ||| 2||| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
those,|||19|||fit|||our|||criteria|||(18|||from|||the|||physical|||fliers|||and|||1 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-those, those, those , t th tho thos , e, se, ose, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-19 19 19 0 1 19 19| 19|| | || 9|| 19|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fit fit fit a f fi fit fit| | t| it| fit| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
from|||the|||online|||postings).|||Some|||potential|||subjects|||decided noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-postings). postings). postings . p po pos post . ). s). gs). others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
not|||to|||participate|||or|||stopped|||responding,|||resulting|||in|||a|||total noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-participate participate participate a p pa par part e te ate pate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
of|||15|||respondents.|||All|||participants|||were|||compensated|||up|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-15 15 15 0 1 15 15| 15|| | || 5|| 15|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respondents. respondents. respondents . r re res resp . s. ts. nts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-All all all a A Al All All| | l| ll| All| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
$20|||US|||depending|||on|||the|||extent|||of|||their|||participation. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-$20 $20 20 0 $ $2 $20 $20| | 0| 20| $20| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-US us us A U US US| US|| | || S|| US|| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-depending depending depending a d de dep depe g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Participant|||names|||used|||in|||this|||paper|||are|||pseudonyms. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Participant participant participant a P Pa Par Part t nt ant pant InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-names names names a n na nam name s es mes ames others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-used used used a u us use used d ed sed used others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Three|||main|||data-gathering|||techniques|||were|||used:|||two|||semi- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Three three three a T Th Thr Thre e ee ree hree InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-main main main a m ma mai main n in ain main others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-data-gathering data-gathering datagathering a d da dat data g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-techniques techniques techniques a t te tec tech s es ues ques others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
structured|||interviews|||with|||each|||participant,|||logging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-structured structured structured a s st str stru d ed red ured others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interviews interviews interviews a i in int inte s ws ews iews others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-each each each a e ea eac each h ch ach each others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
software|||to|||track|||reading|||patterns,|||and|||a|||survey|||to|||gather noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-software software software a s so sof soft e re are ware others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-track track track a t tr tra trac k ck ack rack others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
some|||basic|||data,|||such|||as|||demographics.|||Since|||there|||is|||little noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-basic basic basic a b ba bas basi c ic sic asic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-data, data, data , d da dat data , a, ta, ata, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
focus|||on|||blog|||readers|||in|||the|||existing|||literature,|||the|||first|||set noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-focus focus focus a f fo foc focu s us cus ocus others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
of|||interviews|||were|||largely|||exploratory|||and|||generative; noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-interviews interviews interviews a i in int inte s ws ews iews others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-largely largely largely a l la lar larg y ly ely gely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
although|||there|||were|||specific|||themes|||on|||which|||this|||study noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-although although although a a al alt alth h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
was|||to|||focus,|||the|||first|||interview|||was|||also|||used|||to|||find|||other noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-focus, focus, focus , f fo foc focu , s, us, cus, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
interesting|||themes|||or|||issues|||in|||our|||respondents’|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interesting interesting interesting a i in int inte g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-themes themes themes a t th the them s es mes emes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-issues issues issues a i is iss issu s es ues sues others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reading|||practices.|||During|||the|||second|||interviews, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-practices. practices. practices . p pr pra prac . s. es. ces. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-During during during a D Du Dur Duri g ng ing ring InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
participants|||were|||asked|||to|||discuss|||further|||some|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-asked asked asked a a as ask aske d ed ked sked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
specific|||themes|||that|||emerged|||during|||the|||first|||round|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-themes themes themes a t th the them s es mes emes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-emerged emerged emerged a e em eme emer d ed ged rged others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
interviews.|||Participants|||were|||also|||solicited|||to|||complete|||their noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interviews. interviews. interviews . i in int inte . s. ws. ews. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Participants participants participants a P Pa Par Part s ts nts ants InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
second|||interview|||as|||a|||group|||interview.|||Four|||participants noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-second second second a s se sec seco d nd ond cond others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-interview interview interview a i in int inte w ew iew view others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
expressed|||interest|||in|||group|||interviews,|||but|||due|||to|||logistic noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-expressed expressed expressed a e ex exp expr d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interest interest interest a i in int inte t st est rest others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-group group group a g gr gro grou p up oup roup others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
constraints|||only|||one|||pair|||of|||participants|||completed|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-constraints constraints constraints a c co con cons s ts nts ints others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-one one one a o on one one| | e| ne| one| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pair pair pair a p pa pai pair r ir air pair others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
second|||interview|||as|||a|||group.|||One|||participant,|||Connie|||was noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-second second second a s se sec seco d nd ond cond others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-interview interview interview a i in int inte w ew iew view others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
unable|||to|||complete|||the|||second|||interview,|||and|||another,|||Jill, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-unable unable unable a u un una unab e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-complete complete complete a c co com comp e te ete lete others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
had|||to|||answer|||questions|||for|||the|||second|||interview|||via|||email. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-had had had a h ha had had| | d| ad| had| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-answer answer answer a a an ans answ r er wer swer others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-questions questions questions a q qu que ques s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
During|||both|||interviews,|||all|||participants|||spent|||time|||reading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-During during during a D Du Dur Duri g ng ing ring InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-both both both a b bo bot both h th oth both others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-interviews, interviews, interviews , i in int inte , s, ws, ews, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-all all all a a al all all| | l| ll| all| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
blogs|||as|||they|||normally|||would,|||showing|||and|||describing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-normally normally normally a n no nor norm y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
items|||of|||interest|||and|||parts|||of|||their|||blog-reading|||routines|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-items items items a i it ite item s ms ems tems others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-interest interest interest a i in int inte t st est rest others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||interviewer.|||All|||interviews|||and|||notes|||were|||transcribed noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-interviewer. interviewer. interviewer . i in int inte . r. er. wer. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-All all all a A Al All All| | l| ll| All| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-interviews interviews interviews a i in int inte s ws ews iews others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
and|||coded,|||initially|||using|||open|||coding|||and|||then noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-coded, coded, coded , c co cod code , d, ed, ded, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-initially initially initially a i in ini init y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-using using using a u us usi usin g ng ing sing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
transitioning|||to|||axial|||coding|||(see|||[18]).|||Coding|||was|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-transitioning transitioning transitioning a t tr tra tran g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-axial axial axial a a ax axi axia l al ial xial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-coding coding coding a c co cod codi g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
iterative|||process|||during|||which|||two|||of|||the|||authors noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-iterative iterative iterative a i it ite iter e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-process process process a p pr pro proc s ss ess cess others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-during during during a d du dur duri g ng ing ring others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
independently|||coded|||each|||interview|||transcript|||and|||then noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-independently independently independently a i in ind inde y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-coded coded coded a c co cod code d ed ded oded others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-each each each a e ea eac each h ch ach each others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interview interview interview a i in int inte w ew iew view others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
exchanged|||the|||transcripts|||to|||confer|||on|||the|||codes|||used|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-exchanged exchanged exchanged a e ex exc exch d ed ged nged others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-transcripts transcripts transcripts a t tr tra tran s ts pts ipts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||themes|||they|||represented.|||The|||initial|||coding|||began|||after noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-themes themes themes a t th the them s es mes emes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-represented. represented. represented . r re rep repr . d. ed. ted. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
the|||completion|||of|||the|||first|||interviews,|||so|||that|||results|||from noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-completion completion completion a c co com comp n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
analysis|||of|||the|||first|||set|||of|||interviews|||helped|||inform|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-analysis analysis analysis a a an ana anal s is sis ysis others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-first first first a f fi fir firs t st rst irst others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
direct|||the|||second|||set.|||The|||axial|||codes|||form|||the|||basis|||for|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-direct direct direct a d di dir dire t ct ect rect others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-second second second a s se sec seco d nd ond cond others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-set. set. set . s se set set. . t. et. set. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
findings|||reported|||below. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 3Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reported reported reported a r re rep repo d ed ted rted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-below. below. below . b be bel belo . w. ow. low. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Participants|||were|||also|||asked|||to|||install|||logging|||software|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Participants participants participants a P Pa Par Part s ts nts ants InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-asked asked asked a a as ask aske d ed ked sked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
their|||computers|||to|||track|||their|||blog|||reading.|||The|||logger|||was noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-computers computers computers a c co com comp s rs ers ters others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-track track track a t tr tra trac k ck ack rack others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
implemented|||as|||a|||plugin|||for|||IBM’s|||Web|||Intermediaries noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-implemented implemented implemented a i im imp impl d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-plugin plugin plugin a p pl plu plug n in gin ugin others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
infrastructure|||[28],|||which|||recorded|||a|||series|||of|||time-stamped noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-infrastructure infrastructure infrastructure a i in inf infr e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[28], [28], 28 , [ [2 [28 [28] , ], 8], 28], others 2dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-recorded recorded recorded a r re rec reco d ed ded rded others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
URLs.|||Unfortunately,|||most|||participants|||either|||elected|||not|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-URLs. urls. urls . U UR URL URLs . s. Ls. RLs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately , U Un Unf Unfo , y, ly, ely, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
install|||the|||logger|||or|||ran|||into|||technical|||difficulties.|||Since noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-install install install a i in ins inst l ll all tall others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-logger logger logger a l lo log logg r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
only|||five|||participants|||successfully|||ran|||the|||logger,|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-five five five a f fi fiv five e ve ive five others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-successfully successfully successfully a s su suc succ y ly lly ully others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
analysis|||of|||those|||logs|||is|||not|||presented|||here,|||but|||it|||was|||used noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-analysis analysis analysis a a an ana anal s is sis ysis others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-those those those a t th tho thos e se ose hose others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-logs logs logs a l lo log logs s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to|||generate|||questions|||for|||some|||of|||the|||second|||interviews. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-generate generate generate a g ge gen gene e te ate rate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-questions questions questions a q qu que ques s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
FINDINGS|||AND|||DISCUSSION noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-1 3Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-FINDINGS findings findings A F FI FIN FIND S GS NGS INGS AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-AND and and A A AN AND AND| | D| ND| AND| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-DISCUSSION discussion discussion A D DI DIS DISC N ON ION SION AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
Table|||1|||presents|||a|||profile|||of|||our|||respondents.|||Because noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Table table table a T Ta Tab Tabl e le ble able InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-1 1 1 0 1 1| 1|| 1||| | || ||| 1||| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presents presents presents a p pr pre pres s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
subjects|||were|||recruited|||from|||the|||geographical|||area|||around|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-subjects subjects subjects a s su sub subj s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-recruited recruited recruited a r re rec recr d ed ted ited others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
university,|||many|||are|||students|||or|||recent|||graduates.|||That|||said, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-university, university, university , u un uni univ , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-many many many a m ma man many y ny any many others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-students students students a s st stu stud s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
they|||represent|||a|||diverse|||set|||of|||blog|||reading|||habits|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-represent represent represent a r re rep repr t nt ent sent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-diverse diverse diverse a d di div dive e se rse erse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
practices.|||The|||data|||presented|||in|||this|||table|||were|||collected noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-practices. practices. practices . p pr pra prac . s. es. ces. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-data data data a d da dat data a ta ata data others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presented presented presented a p pr pre pres d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
through|||an|||online|||survey|||completed|||by|||all|||but|||one|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-survey survey survey a s su sur surv y ey vey rvey others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participants|||(Connie).|||“Regular|||blogs”|||is|||the|||number|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-(Connie). (connie). connie . ( (C (Co (Con . ). e). ie). InitCap nonNum 7 maleName femaleName lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-“Regular “regular regular a “ “R “Re “Reg r ar lar ular InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs” blogs” blogs ” b bl blo blog ” s” gs” ogs” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||the|||participant|||reads|||on|||a|||regular|||basis|||as|||determined noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-participant participant participant a p pa par part t nt ant pant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reads reads reads a r re rea read s ds ads eads others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
by|||the|||participant,|||“example|||blogs”|||are|||a|||selection|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-participant, participant, participant , p pa par part , t, nt, ant, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“example “example example a “ “e “ex “exa e le ple mple others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
representative|||examples|||from|||the|||blogs|||she|||or|||he|||reads,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-representative representative representative a r re rep repr e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-examples examples examples a e ex exa exam s es les ples others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
“tools”|||describes|||the|||technology|||the|||participant|||uses|||to|||find noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“tools” “tools” tools ” “ “t “to “too ” s” ls” ols” others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-describes describes describes a d de des desc s es bes ibes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-technology technology technology a t te tec tech y gy ogy logy others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
and|||to|||read|||blogs.|||Since|||the|||purpose|||of|||these|||data|||is|||not|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
make|||statistical|||inferences|||about|||blog|||readers|||but|||rather|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-make make make a m ma mak make e ke ake make others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-statistical statistical statistical a s st sta stat l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-inferences inferences inferences a i in inf infe s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
help|||create|||a|||picture|||of|||the|||various|||participants,|||and|||since noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-help help help a h he hel help p lp elp help others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-create create create a c cr cre crea e te ate eate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-picture picture picture a p pi pic pict e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||sample|||is|||not|||sufficiently|||large|||to|||generate|||statistically noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-sample sample sample a s sa sam samp e le ple mple others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
significant|||results,|||no|||quantitative|||analysis|||is|||performed. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significant significant significant a s si sig sign t nt ant cant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-results, results, results , r re res resu , s, ts, lts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-no no no a n no no| no|| | || o|| no|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-quantitative quantitative quantitative a q qu qua quan e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
For|||statistics|||about|||blog|||readers,|||see|||[16]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-statistics statistics statistics a s st sta stat s cs ics tics others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
This|||section|||includes|||a|||description|||of|||blog|||reading|||practices noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-section section section a s se sec sect n on ion tion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-includes includes includes a i in inc incl s es des udes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
that|||were|||common|||among|||most|||of|||our|||participants,|||along noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-common common common a c co com comm n on mon mmon others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
with|||some|||of|||the|||factors|||that|||influence|||the|||myriad noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
differences|||in|||approaches|||to|||reading|||blogs.|||Drawing|||on|||this noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-differences differences differences a d di dif diff s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-approaches approaches approaches a a ap app appr s es hes ches others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
diversity|||in|||blog|||reading|||practices,|||the|||section|||then noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-diversity diversity diversity a d di div dive y ty ity sity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
addresses|||the|||question|||“what|||is|||a|||blog?”|||from|||readers’ noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-addresses addresses addresses a a ad add addr s es ses sses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-question question question a q qu que ques n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“what “what what a “ “w “wh “wha t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
perspectives;|||discusses|||the|||presentation|||and|||perception|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-perspectives; perspectives; perspectives ; p pe per pers ; s; es; ves; others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-discusses discusses discusses a d di dis disc s es ses sses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
online|||identity,|||noting|||important|||similarities|||and|||differences noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-identity, identity, identity , i id ide iden , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-noting noting noting a n no not noti g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
with|||previous|||work;|||and|||describes|||ways|||in|||which|||readers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-previous previous previous a p pr pre prev s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work; work; work ; w wo wor work ; k; rk; ork; others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
can|||feel|||that|||they|||are|||“a|||part”|||of|||the|||blogs|||they|||read. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Common|||Blog|||Reading|||Practices noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 4Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Common common common a C Co Com Comm n on mon mmon InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Blog blog blog a B Bl Blo Blog g og log Blog InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Reading reading reading a R Re Rea Read g ng ing ding InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-Practices practices practices a P Pr Pra Prac s es ces ices InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsectionHeader
While|||reader-response|||theory|||helps|||make|||sense|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-While while while a W Wh Whi Whil e le ile hile InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader-response reader-response readerresponse a r re rea read e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-helps helps helps a h he hel help s ps lps elps others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
significant|||variations|||of|||the|||data,|||some|||aspects|||of|||our noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significant significant significant a s si sig sign t nt ant cant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-variations variations variations a v va var vari s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
participants’|||reading|||practices|||are|||fairly|||consistent.|||Thirteen noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants’ participants’ participants ’ p pa par part ’ s’ ts’ nts’ others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-practices practices practices a p pr pra prac s es ces ices others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
explicitly|||stated|||that|||blog|||reading|||is|||a|||form|||of|||“chilling noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-explicitly explicitly explicitly a e ex exp expl y ly tly itly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-stated stated stated a s st sta stat d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
out”,|||“wasting|||time”,|||“brain|||candy”,|||or|||“doing|||nothing”, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-out”, out”, out , o ou out out” , ”, t”, ut”, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“wasting “wasting wasting a “ “w “wa “was g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-time”, time”, time , t ti tim time , ”, e”, me”, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“brain “brain brain a “ “b “br “bra n in ain rain others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
similar|||to|||the|||pottering|||activities|||described|||by|||Wyche|||et|||al. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-similar similar similar a s si sim simi r ar lar ilar others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-pottering pottering pottering a p po pot pott g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
[27].|||The|||other|||two|||later|||indicated|||on|||the|||survey|||that|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[27]. [27]. 27 . [ [2 [27 [27] . ]. 7]. 27]. others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-two two two a t tw two two| | o| wo| two| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reading|||was|||“sometimes”|||an|||activity|||during|||periods|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“sometimes” “sometimes” sometimes ” “ “s “so “som ” s” es” mes” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
boredom.|||Similar|||to|||some|||instances|||of|||pottering,|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-boredom. boredom. boredom . b bo bor bore . m. om. dom. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Similar similar similar a S Si Sim Simi r ar lar ilar InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reading|||can|||also|||have|||a|||habitual|||nature.|||When|||Fern|||reads noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs,|||she|||adheres|||to|||a|||self-prescribed|||system,|||despite|||her noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-adheres adheres adheres a a ad adh adhe s es res eres others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
lack|||of|||interest|||in|||the|||content|||of|||some|||posts|||she|||reads. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-lack lack lack a l la lac lack k ck ack lack others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-interest interest interest a i in int inte t st est rest others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Lillian|||indicated|||that|||reading|||blogs|||became|||part|||of|||her noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Lillian lillian lillian a L Li Lil Lill n an ian lian InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-indicated indicated indicated a i in ind indi d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
morning|||routine.|||When|||we|||asked|||Charles|||if|||he|||looked noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-morning morning morning a m mo mor morn g ng ing ning others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-routine. routine. routine . r ro rou rout . e. ne. ine. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-When when when a W Wh Whe When n en hen When InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
forward|||to|||reading|||blogs|||everyday|||he|||responded: noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-forward forward forward a f fo for forw d rd ard ward others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
I|||don’t|||know|||if|||I|||look|||forward|||to|||[reading|||blogs]...|||I|||don’t noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-don’t don’t dont a d do don don’ t ’t n’t on’t others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-know know know a k kn kno know w ow now know others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-if if if a i if if| if|| | || f|| if|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
really|||look|||forward|||to|||cigarettes|||anymore,|||but|||it’s|||something noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-really really really a r re rea real y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-look look look a l lo loo look k ok ook look others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-forward forward forward a f fo for forw d rd ard ward others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others construct
that|||happens|||through|||the|||course|||of|||the|||day|||that|||I|||feel|||like|||I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-happens happens happens a h ha hap happ s ns ens pens others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others construct
might|||need|||to|||do.|||It|||just|||becomes|||habit,|||I|||guess. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-might might might a m mi mig migh t ht ght ight others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-need need need a n ne nee need d ed eed need others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-do. do. do . d do do. do.| | .| o.| do.| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct construct
Though|||in|||all|||likelihood|||most|||blog|||readers|||do|||not|||share noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Though though though a T Th Tho Thou h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-all all all a a al all all| | l| ll| all| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-likelihood likelihood likelihood a l li lik like d od ood hood others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Charles’s|||outlook|||on|||the|||intensity|||of|||blog|||reading’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Charles’s charles’s charless a C Ch Cha Char s ’s s’s es’s InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-outlook outlook outlook a o ou out outl k ok ook look others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
addictiveness,|||blog|||reading|||often|||becomes|||habitual.|||For noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-addictiveness, addictiveness, addictiveness , a ad add addi , s, ss, ess, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Krish,|||who|||has|||only|||been|||reading|||blogs|||for|||eight|||months, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Krish, krish, krish , K Kr Kri Kris , h, sh, ish, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“checking|||blogs|||is|||like|||checking|||one’s|||email,”|||which|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“checking “checking checking a “ “c “ch “che g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-like like like a l li lik like e ke ike like others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
similar|||to|||the|||habitualness|||described|||by|||nine|||other noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-similar similar similar a s si sim simi r ar lar ilar others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-habitualness habitualness habitualness a h ha hab habi s ss ess ness others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participants.|||For|||many,|||checking|||email|||is|||a|||routine,|||almost noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants. participants. participants . p pa par part . s. ts. nts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-many, many, many , m ma man many , y, ny, any, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-checking checking checking a c ch che chec g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
1113 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1113 1113 1113 0 1 11 111 1113 3 13 113 1113 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
Pseudonym|||Age|||Gender|||Occupation|||Regular|||Blogs|||Frequency|||Example|||Blogs|||Years|||Reading|||Tools noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Pseudonym pseudonym pseudonym a P Ps Pse Pseu m ym nym onym InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Age age age a A Ag Age Age| | e| ge| Age| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Gender gender gender a G Ge Gen Gend r er der nder InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Occupation occupation occupation a O Oc Occ Occu n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Connie|||22|||F|||--|||--|||Every|||Day|||--|||--|||-- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 4Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Connie connie connie a C Co Con Conn e ie nie nnie InitCap nonNum 7 maleName femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-22 22 22 0 2 22 22| 22|| | || 2|| 22|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN--- -- empty - - -- --| --|| | || -|| --|| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no multiHyphen table
Fern|||19|||F|||Student|||1-2|||Every|||Other|||Day|||xanga.com,|||blogspot.com,|||livejournal.com|||5-6|||Years|||4,|||5,|||AIM|||Profiles noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Fern fern fern a F Fe Fer Fern n rn ern Fern InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-19 19 19 0 1 19 19| 19|| | || 9|| 19|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Selena|||18|||F|||Student|||6-10|||2-3|||Times|||a|||Week|||greatestjournal.com,|||myspace.com,|||xanga.com,|||asianave.com|||6-7|||Years|||1,|||4,|||5 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Selena selena selena a S Se Sel Sele a na ena lena InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-18 18 18 0 1 18 18| 18|| | || 8|| 18|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Charles|||24|||M|||Admin.|||Assistant|||6-10|||Several|||Times|||a|||Day|||dailykos.com,|||boingboing.net,|||blogspot.com,|||slashdot.org,|||poplicks.com|||6-7|||Years|||1,|||4 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Charles charles charles a C Ch Cha Char s es les rles InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-24 24 24 0 2 24 24| 24|| | || 4|| 24|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-M m m A M M| M|| M||| | || ||| M||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Admin. admin. admin . A Ad Adm Admi . n. in. min. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct table
Lillian|||33|||F|||Graduate|||Student|||20+|||Every|||Day|||blogspot.com,|||indigirl.com/blog,|||carrieoke.net,|||doggedknits.com|||4.5|||Years|||2 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Lillian lillian lillian a L Li Lil Lill n an ian lian InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-33 33 33 0 3 33 33| 33|| | || 3|| 33|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Graduate graduate graduate a G Gr Gra Grad e te ate uate InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Judith|||20|||F|||Student|||3-5|||Every|||Other|||Day|||myspace.com,|||xanga.com,|||facebook.com|||3|||Years|||4 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Judith judith judith a J Ju Jud Judi h th ith dith InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-20 20 20 0 2 20 20| 20|| | || 0|| 20|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Jill|||20|||F|||Student|||6-10|||Several|||Times|||a|||Day|||livejournal.com,|||flickfilosopher.com/blog,|||ingliseast.typepad.com/ingliseast|||5-6|||Years|||1 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Jill jill jill a J Ji Jil Jill l ll ill Jill InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-20 20 20 0 2 20 20| 20|| | || 0|| 20|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Cindy|||19|||F|||Student|||1-2|||Several|||Times|||a|||Day|||xanga.com,|||livejournal.com|||5|||Years|||4 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Cindy cindy cindy a C Ci Cin Cind y dy ndy indy InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-19 19 19 0 1 19 19| 19|| | || 9|| 19|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Patricia|||20|||F|||Student|||1-2|||2-3|||Times|||a|||Week|||sibol.in,|||mochix.com|||4|||Years|||1,|||2,|||5 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Patricia patricia patricia a P Pa Pat Patr a ia cia icia InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-20 20 20 0 2 20 20| 20|| | || 0|| 20|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Natalie|||25|||F|||Legal|||Assistant|||11-20|||Every|||Other|||Day|||perezhilton.com,|||blogspot.com,|||myspace.com,|||livejournal.com|||10|||Years|||1,|||4,|||5 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Natalie natalie natalie a N Na Nat Nata e ie lie alie InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-25 25 25 0 2 25 25| 25|| | || 5|| 25|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Legal legal legal a L Le Leg Lega l al gal egal InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Tony|||31|||M|||Graduate|||Student|||3-5|||Every|||Day|||slashdot.org,|||fark.com,|||treehugger.com,|||somethingawful.com|||6|||Years|||1,|||3,|||iGoogle noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Tony tony tony a T To Ton Tony y ny ony Tony InitCap nonNum 7 maleName femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-31 31 31 0 3 31 31| 31|| | || 1|| 31|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-M m m A M M| M|| M||| | || ||| M||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Graduate graduate graduate a G Gr Gra Grad e te ate uate InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Matthew|||26|||M|||Graduate|||Student|||11-20|||Several|||Times|||a|||Day|||blogspot.com,|||firejoemorgan.com,|||kugelmass.wordpress.com,|||sadlyno.com|||6|||Years|||1,|||2 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Matthew matthew matthew a M Ma Mat Matt w ew hew thew InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-26 26 26 0 2 26 26| 26|| | || 6|| 26|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-M m m A M M| M|| M||| | || ||| M||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Graduate graduate graduate a G Gr Gra Grad e te ate uate InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Laura|||27|||F|||Admin.|||Assistant|||3-5|||2-3|||Times|||a|||Week|||mypapercrane.com,|||blogspot.com,|||livejournal.com,|||bloesem.blogs.com|||2|||Years|||1,|||4 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Laura laura laura a L La Lau Laur a ra ura aura InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-27 27 27 0 2 27 27| 27|| | || 7|| 27|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Admin. admin. admin . A Ad Adm Admi . n. in. min. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct table
Cheryl|||24|||F|||Graduate|||Student|||3-5|||2-3|||Times|||a|||Week|||fourfour.typepad.com,|||2-3|||Years|||1 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Cheryl cheryl cheryl a C Ch Che Cher l yl ryl eryl InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-24 24 24 0 2 24 24| 24|| | || 4|| 24|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-F f f A F F| F|| F||| | || ||| F||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Graduate graduate graduate a G Gr Gra Grad e te ate uate InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
2manadvantage.com,|||nydailynews.com/blogs/mets noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 0Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-2manadvantage.com, 2manadvantage.com, 2manadvantagecom , 2 2m 2ma 2man , m, om, com, others hasDig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-nydailynews.com/blogs/mets nydailynews.com/blogs/mets nydailynewscomblogsmets a n ny nyd nyda s ts ets mets others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others table
Krish|||22|||M|||Student|||3-5|||Every|||Day|||metblogs.com,|||kiruba.com,|||blogspot.com,|||aparnasblog.wordpress.com|||8|||Months|||1 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_no xmlTable_yes xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Krish krish krish a K Kr Kri Kris h sh ish rish InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-22 22 22 0 2 22 22| 22|| | || 2|| 22|| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-M m m A M M| M|| M||| | || ||| M||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Student student student a S St Stu Stud t nt ent dent InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others table
Table|||1|||–|||Profile|||of|||participants.|||For|||tools,|||1|||is|||web|||browser,|||2|||is|||RSS|||aggregator,|||3|||is|||email|||client,|||4|||is|||blogging|||website,|||5|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Table table table a T Ta Tab Tabl e le ble able InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-1 1 1 0 1 1| 1|| 1||| | || ||| 1||| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Profile profile profile a P Pr Pro Prof e le ile file InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others tableCaption
links|||from|||reader’s|||blog.|||Participants|||listed|||specific|||regular|||blogs,|||from|||which|||the|||authors|||generalized|||and|||chose|||examples. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-links links links a l li lin link s ks nks inks others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct tableCaption
quintessential|||part|||of|||going|||online.|||Whether|||one|||expects|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-quintessential quintessential quintessential a q qu qui quin l al ial tial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-part part part a p pa par part t rt art part others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-going going going a g go goi goin g ng ing oing others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
email|||or|||not|||is|||unimportant,|||because|||one|||will|||check|||her|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-email email email a e em ema emai l il ail mail others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
his|||email|||account|||not|||with|||the|||expectation|||of|||receiving noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-email email email a e em ema emai l il ail mail others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-account account account a a ac acc acco t nt unt ount others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
email|||but|||rather|||as|||part|||of|||an|||Internet|||ritual. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-email email email a e em ema emai l il ail mail others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
Much|||work|||in|||information|||retrieval,|||search|||technologies, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Much much much a M Mu Muc Much h ch uch Much InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
and|||related|||fields|||is|||based|||on|||the|||premise|||that|||the|||sheer noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-related related related a r re rel rela d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fields fields fields a f fi fie fiel s ds lds elds others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
volume|||of|||information|||available|||is|||simply|||overwhelming, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-volume volume volume a v vo vol volu e me ume lume others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-available available available a a av ava avai e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
often|||referred|||to|||as|||“information|||overload,”|||and|||that|||users noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-referred referred referred a r re ref refe d ed red rred others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
feel|||compelled|||to|||try|||and|||stay|||on|||top|||of|||the|||ever|||increasing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-compelled compelled compelled a c co com comp d ed led lled others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-try try try a t tr try try| | y| ry| try| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
amount|||of|||available|||information.|||This|||attitude|||dates|||at|||least noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-amount amount amount a a am amo amou t nt unt ount others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-available available available a a av ava avai e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-information. information. information . i in inf info . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
as|||far|||back|||as|||Barnaby|||Rich’s|||assertion,|||in|||1613,|||that|||“one noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-far far far a f fa far far| | r| ar| far| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-back back back a b ba bac back k ck ack back others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
of|||the|||diseases|||of|||this|||age|||is|||the|||multiplicity|||of|||books;|||they noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-diseases diseases diseases a d di dis dise s es ses ases others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
doth|||so|||overcharge|||the|||world|||that|||it|||is|||not|||able|||to|||digest|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-doth doth doth a d do dot doth h th oth doth others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-so so so a s so so| so|| | || o|| so|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-overcharge overcharge overcharge a o ov ove over e ge rge arge others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
abundance|||of|||idle|||matter|||that|||is|||every|||day|||hatched|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-abundance abundance abundance a a ab abu abun e ce nce ance others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-idle idle idle a i id idl idle e le dle idle others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-matter matter matter a m ma mat matt r er ter tter others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
brought|||forth|||into|||the|||world”|||(quoted|||in|||[4:63]).|||However, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-brought brought brought a b br bro brou t ht ght ught others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-forth forth forth a f fo for fort h th rth orth others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-into into into a i in int into o to nto into others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
such|||a|||sense|||of|||information|||overload|||with|||respect|||to|||blogs noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-sense sense sense a s se sen sens e se nse ense others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
was|||not|||common|||among|||our|||respondents.|||Only|||two|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-common common common a c co com comm n on mon mmon others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
fifteen,|||Charles|||and|||Lillian,|||expressed|||feeling|||overwhelmed noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-fifteen, fifteen, fifteen , f fi fif fift , n, en, een, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Charles charles charles a C Ch Cha Char s es les rles InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Lillian, lillian, lillian , L Li Lil Lill , n, an, ian, InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no contPunct bodyText
by|||the|||potential|||information|||available|||through|||blogs.|||The noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-potential potential potential a p po pot pote l al ial tial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
other|||participants|||indicated|||that|||they|||are|||not|||bothered|||when noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-indicated indicated indicated a i in ind indi d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
they|||cannot|||stay|||current|||with|||the|||newest|||posts|||for|||the|||blogs noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-cannot cannot cannot a c ca can cann t ot not nnot others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-stay stay stay a s st sta stay y ay tay stay others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-current current current a c cu cur curr t nt ent rent others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
they|||frequent.|||Some|||would|||eventually|||catch|||up|||on|||old|||posts noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-frequent. frequent. frequent . f fr fre freq . t. nt. ent. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Some some some a S So Som Some e me ome Some InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-would would would a w wo wou woul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
when|||the|||time|||suited|||them,|||while|||others|||simply|||choose|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-time time time a t ti tim time e me ime time others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-suited suited suited a s su sui suit d ed ted ited others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
most|||recent|||or|||most|||interesting|||posts|||to|||read,|||skipping|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-recent recent recent a r re rec rece t nt ent cent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
rest.|||Laura|||reveals,|||“I|||don’t|||kill|||myself|||over|||it,|||because|||it’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-rest. rest. rest . r re res rest . t. st. est. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Laura laura laura a L La Lau Laur a ra ura aura InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-reveals, reveals, reveals , r re rev reve , s, ls, als, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“I “i i A “ “I “I| “I|| | || I|| “I|| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
not|||like|||I|||can’t|||always|||go|||back|||and|||see,|||‘okay|||what noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-like like like a l li lik like e ke ike like others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-can’t can’t cant a c ca can can’ t ’t n’t an’t others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
happened|||two|||weeks|||ago’|||...|||I|||know|||what’s|||there|||and|||I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-happened happened happened a h ha hap happ d ed ned ened others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-two two two a t tw two two| | o| wo| two| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-weeks weeks weeks a w we wee week s ks eks eeks others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-ago’ ago’ ago ’ a ag ago ago’ ’ o’ go’ ago’ others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
know|||where|||to|||find|||it|||when|||I|||need|||it.”|||This|||attitude noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-know know know a k kn kno know w ow now know others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-find find find a f fi fin find d nd ind find others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
challenges|||the|||commonly|||accepted|||notion|||that|||users|||feel noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-challenges challenges challenges a c ch cha chal s es ges nges others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-commonly commonly commonly a c co com comm y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-accepted accepted accepted a a ac acc acce d ed ted pted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
overwhelmed|||with|||staying|||constantly|||up|||to|||date. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed a o ov ove over d ed med lmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-staying staying staying a s st sta stay g ng ing ying others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-constantly constantly constantly a c co con cons y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
It|||also|||raises|||interesting|||issues|||of|||synchronicity.|||Computer noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-It it it a I It It| It|| | || t|| It|| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-raises raises raises a r ra rai rais s es ses ises others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interesting interesting interesting a i in int inte g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
mediated|||communication|||is|||often|||considered|||either noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-mediated mediated mediated a m me med medi d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-communication communication communication a c co com comm n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
synchronous,|||e.g.,|||live|||video|||or|||audio|||chat;|||near noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-synchronous, synchronous, synchronous , s sy syn sync , s, us, ous, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-live live live a l li liv live e ve ive live others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-video video video a v vi vid vide o eo deo ideo others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
synchronous,|||e.g.,|||instant|||messaging;|||or|||asynchronous,|||e.g., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-synchronous, synchronous, synchronous , s sy syn sync , s, us, ous, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-instant instant instant a i in ins inst t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-messaging; messaging; messaging ; m me mes mess ; g; ng; ing; others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
email.|||Clearly,|||there|||are|||not|||fine|||distinctions|||but|||rather|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-email. email. email . e em ema emai . l. il. ail. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Clearly, clearly, clearly , C Cl Cle Clea , y, ly, rly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
gradient|||from|||synchronous|||to|||asynchronous,|||and|||blogs|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-gradient gradient gradient a g gr gra grad t nt ent ient others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-synchronous synchronous synchronous a s sy syn sync s us ous nous others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
generally|||placed|||closer|||to|||the|||asynchronous|||end|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-generally generally generally a g ge gen gene y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-placed placed placed a p pl pla plac d ed ced aced others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-closer closer closer a c cl clo clos r er ser oser others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
spectrum|||[21].|||However,|||based|||on|||our|||participants’ noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-spectrum spectrum spectrum a s sp spe spec m um rum trum others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[21]. [21]. 21 . [ [2 [21 [21] . ]. 1]. 21]. others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-based based based a b ba bas base d ed sed ased others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
descriptions,|||they|||do|||not|||read|||blogs|||in|||a|||temporally|||situated noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-descriptions, descriptions, descriptions , d de des desc , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
manner.|||When|||returning|||to|||a|||blog|||that|||has|||not|||been|||visited noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-manner. manner. manner . m ma man mann . r. er. ner. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-When when when a W Wh Whe When n en hen When InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-returning returning returning a r re ret retu g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
recently,|||it|||does|||not|||matter|||if|||the|||most|||recent|||three|||posts noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-recently, recently, recently , r re rec rece , y, ly, tly, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
occurred|||in|||the|||past|||week,|||in|||the|||past|||day,|||or|||in|||the|||past noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-occurred occurred occurred a o oc occ occu d ed red rred others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-past past past a p pa pas past t st ast past others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
hour.|||What|||matters|||is|||the|||order|||in|||which|||posts|||appear|||on|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-hour. hour. hour . h ho hou hour . r. ur. our. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-What what what a W Wh Wha What t at hat What InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-matters matters matters a m ma mat matt s rs ers ters others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
blog.|||The|||most|||recent|||post|||on|||one|||blog,|||even|||if|||it|||is|||several noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-most most most a m mo mos most t st ost most others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-recent recent recent a r re rec rece t nt ent cent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
1114 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1114 1114 1114 0 1 11 111 1114 4 14 114 1114 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
days|||old,|||is|||more|||likely|||to|||be|||read|||than|||the|||fourth|||post|||down noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-days days days a d da day days s ys ays days others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-old, old, old , o ol old old, , d, ld, old, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
on|||another|||blog,|||even|||if|||that|||post|||is|||from|||the|||previous|||day. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-another another another a a an ano anot r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
This|||is|||somewhat|||similar|||to|||instant|||messaging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-somewhat somewhat somewhat a s so som some t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-similar similar similar a s si sim simi r ar lar ilar others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
conversations|||where|||time|||lapses|||between|||turns|||do|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-conversations conversations conversations a c co con conv s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-time time time a t ti tim time e me ime time others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-lapses lapses lapses a l la lap laps s es ses pses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
necessarily|||have|||an|||impact|||on|||the|||conversation|||[22].|||Here, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-necessarily necessarily necessarily a n ne nec nece y ly ily rily others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-impact impact impact a i im imp impa t ct act pact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
we|||introduce|||the|||term|||non-chronous|||to|||describe|||practices noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-introduce introduce introduce a i in int intr e ce uce duce others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-term term term a t te ter term m rm erm term others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
where|||individual|||events|||in|||one|||context,|||here|||a|||single|||blog, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-events events events a e ev eve even s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
are|||considered|||in|||the|||temporal|||order|||in|||which|||they noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-considered considered considered a c co con cons d ed red ered others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
occurred,|||but|||not|||with|||regard|||to|||the|||specific|||time|||at|||which noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-occurred, occurred, occurred , o oc occ occu , d, ed, red, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
they|||occurred.|||This|||non-chronous|||approach|||does|||not|||mean noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-occurred. occurred. occurred . o oc occ occu . d. ed. red. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-non-chronous non-chronous nonchronous a n no non non- s us ous nous others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
that|||time-date|||stamps|||are|||utterly|||ineffectual,|||but|||they noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-2 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-time-date time-date timedate a t ti tim time e te ate date others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-stamps stamps stamps a s st sta stam s ps mps amps others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
become|||much|||less|||important,|||especially|||with|||the|||advent|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-become become become a b be bec beco e me ome come others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-much much much a m mu muc much h ch uch much others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-less less less a l le les less s ss ess less others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-important, important, important , i im imp impo , t, nt, ant, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
RSS|||aggregators,|||email|||clients,|||blog-host|||subscription|||lists, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-RSS rss rss A R RS RSS RSS| | S| SS| RSS| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-aggregators, aggregators, aggregators , a ag agg aggr , s, rs, ors, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-email email email a e em ema emai l il ail mail others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-clients, clients, clients , c cl cli clie , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
etc.|||For|||example,|||when|||Matthew|||falls|||behind|||on|||his|||regular noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-etc. etc. etc . e et etc etc. . c. tc. etc. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs,|||he|||reads|||the|||five|||or|||so|||most|||recent|||posts|||in|||his|||RSS noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reads reads reads a r re rea read s ds ads eads others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
reader|||and|||his|||friends’|||blogs.|||Patricia|||notes|||the|||time- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-friends’ friends’ friends ’ f fr fri frie ’ s’ ds’ nds’ others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
stamp’s|||existence|||in|||passing,|||but|||does|||not|||take|||it|||into noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-stamp’s stamp’s stamps a s st sta stam s ’s p’s mp’s others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-existence existence existence a e ex exi exis e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-passing, passing, passing , p pa pas pass , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
account|||while|||reading.|||Generally,|||participants|||in|||this|||study noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-account account account a a ac acc acco t nt unt ount others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-while while while a w wh whi whil e le ile hile others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reading. reading. reading . r re rea read . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no stopPunct TOKEN-Generally, generally, generally , G Ge Gen Gene , y, ly, lly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
do|||not|||see|||themselves|||as|||struggling|||to|||handle|||a|||deluge|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-see see see a s se see see| | e| ee| see| others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-themselves themselves themselves a t th the them s es ves lves others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
information|||streaming|||through|||blogs–a|||missed|||post|||is|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-streaming streaming streaming a s st str stre g ng ing ming others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs–a blogs–a blogsa a b bl blo blog a –a s–a gs–a others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
usually|||a|||missed|||opportunity. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 4Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-usually usually usually a u us usu usua y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-missed missed missed a m mi mis miss d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-opportunity. opportunity. opportunity . o op opp oppo . y. ty. ity. others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no stopPunct bodyText
Stepping|||back|||from|||the|||details|||of|||common|||blog|||reading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Stepping stepping stepping a S St Ste Step g ng ing ping InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-back back back a b ba bac back k ck ack back others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
practices,|||there|||are|||dramatic|||differences|||in|||how|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-practices, practices, practices , p pr pra prac , s, es, ces, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-dramatic dramatic dramatic a d dr dra dram c ic tic atic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
readers|||understand|||the|||visible|||object|||of|||their|||activity.|||When noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-visible visible visible a v vi vis visi e le ble ible others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
asked|||about|||motivations|||for|||reading|||blogs,|||participants|||said noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-asked asked asked a a as ask aske d ed ked sked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-motivations motivations motivations a m mo mot moti s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
they|||visit|||blogs|||for|||information,|||inspiration,|||entertainment, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-visit visit visit a v vi vis visi t it sit isit others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
and|||to|||a|||certain|||extent|||because|||it|||is|||just|||what|||they|||have noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-certain certain certain a c ce cer cert n in ain tain others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
always|||done.|||However,|||when|||asked|||the|||deceptively|||simple noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-always always always a a al alw alwa s ys ays ways others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-done. done. done . d do don done . e. ne. one. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
question,|||“what|||is|||a|||blog?”|||the|||responses|||were|||far|||more noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-question, question, question , q qu que ques , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“what “what what a “ “w “wh “wha t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
vague|||and|||varied.|||Patricia|||responded|||canonically,|||“well noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-vague vague vague a v va vag vagu e ue gue ague others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-varied. varied. varied . v va var vari . d. ed. ied. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Patricia patricia patricia a P Pa Pat Patr a ia cia icia InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others bodyText
there’s|||the|||technical|||term|||and|||my|||own|||definition.”|||How noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-there’s there’s theres a t th the ther s ’s e’s re’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-technical technical technical a t te tec tech l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-term term term a t te ter term m rm erm term others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
does|||she|||determine|||which|||definition|||to|||use|||at|||what|||time? noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-determine determine determine a d de det dete e ne ine mine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“It|||Depends” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 2Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-“It “it it a “ “I “It “It| | t| It| “It| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Depends” depends” depends ” D De Dep Depe ” s” ds” nds” InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsectionHeader
Among|||our|||respondents,|||the|||manner|||of|||reading|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Among among among a A Am Amo Amon g ng ong mong InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respondents, respondents, respondents , r re res resp , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
interacting|||with|||a|||blog|||depends|||on|||myriad|||factors noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interacting interacting interacting a i in int inte g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
including,|||among|||others,|||the|||content|||of|||the|||blog,|||the|||intent noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-including, including, including , i in inc incl , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-others, others, others , o ot oth othe , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
of|||the|||reader,|||the|||perceived|||intent|||of|||the|||blogger,|||and|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader, reader, reader , r re rea read , r, er, der, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
relationship|||of|||the|||reader|||to|||the|||blogger.|||We|||argue|||that|||part noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relationship relationship relationship a r re rel rela p ip hip ship others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
of|||the|||reason|||for|||the|||great|||diversity|||in|||approaches|||to|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reason reason reason a r re rea reas n on son ason others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
reading|||is|||the|||great|||diversity|||of|||blogs.|||Previous|||work,|||e.g., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-great great great a g gr gre grea t at eat reat others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
[11,21],|||has|||tried|||to|||classify|||blogs|||as|||a|||genre|||with|||certain noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[11,21], [11,21], 1121 , [ [1 [11 [11, , ], 1], 21], others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-tried tried tried a t tr tri trie d ed ied ried others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
structural|||and|||content-based|||divisions|||into|||sub-genres. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 4Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-structural structural structural a s st str stru l al ral ural others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-content-based content-based contentbased a c co con cont d ed sed ased others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-divisions divisions divisions a d di div divi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
However,|||our|||findings|||align|||more|||closely|||with|||boyd’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-align align align a a al ali alig n gn ign lign others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
argument|||[2]|||that|||blogs|||are|||a|||medium,|||and|||that|||a|||variety|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-argument argument argument a a ar arg argu t nt ent ment others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[2] [2] 2 ] [ [2 [2] [2]| | ]| 2]| [2]| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
different|||activities|||and|||interactions|||can|||occur|||in|||and|||through noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-activities activities activities a a ac act acti s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interactions interactions interactions a i in int inte s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
that|||medium.|||Furthermore,|||drawing|||on|||reader-response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-medium. medium. medium . m me med medi . m. um. ium. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Furthermore, furthermore, furthermore , F Fu Fur Furt , e, re, ore, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-drawing drawing drawing a d dr dra draw g ng ing wing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
theory|||[17],|||we|||argue|||that,|||in|||order|||to|||distinguish|||between noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[17], [17], 17 , [ [1 [17 [17] , ], 7], 17], others 2dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-argue argue argue a a ar arg argu e ue gue rgue others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
different|||types|||of|||blogs,|||it|||may|||be|||less|||useful|||to|||look|||at|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-types types types a t ty typ type s es pes ypes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
structure|||or|||content|||of|||the|||blog|||and|||more|||informative|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-structure structure structure a s st str stru e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-content content content a c co con cont t nt ent tent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
follow|||the|||ways|||that|||readers|||read|||and|||interact|||with|||the|||blog. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-follow follow follow a f fo fol foll w ow low llow others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-ways ways ways a w wa way ways s ys ays ways others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
The|||analysis|||presented|||here|||focuses|||on|||the|||following noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-analysis analysis analysis a a an ana anal s is sis ysis others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presented presented presented a p pr pre pres d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-here here here a h he her here e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
themes|||as|||dimensions|||along|||which|||approaches|||to|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-themes themes themes a t th the them s es mes emes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-dimensions dimensions dimensions a d di dim dime s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-along along along a a al alo alon g ng ong long others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
reading|||may|||vary:|||the|||concept|||of|||a|||blog,|||perception|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-vary: vary: vary : v va var vary : y: ry: ary: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
presentation|||of|||blogs,|||and|||“being|||a|||part”|||of|||blogs.|||From|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
analytic|||standpoint,|||uncovering|||data|||based|||on|||a|||consistent noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-analytic analytic analytic a a an ana anal c ic tic ytic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-standpoint, standpoint, standpoint , s st sta stan , t, nt, int, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-uncovering uncovering uncovering a u un unc unco g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-data data data a d da dat data a ta ata data others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
definition|||of|||blogs|||seems|||to|||make|||intuitive|||sense,|||but|||given noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-definition definition definition a d de def defi n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-seems seems seems a s se see seem s ms ems eems others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||fluid|||character|||of|||blogs|||it|||may|||be|||misleading|||to|||do|||so. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-fluid fluid fluid a f fl flu flui d id uid luid others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-character character character a c ch cha char r er ter cter others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
Rather|||than|||trying|||to|||impose|||a|||definition|||of|||what|||counts|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Rather rather rather a R Ra Rat Rath r er her ther InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-trying trying trying a t tr try tryi g ng ing ying others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
does|||not|||count|||as|||a|||blog,|||the|||authors|||strove|||for|||a|||more noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-count count count a c co cou coun t nt unt ount others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
authentic,|||emic|||perspective|||by|||allowing|||our|||blog|||reader noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-authentic, authentic, authentic , a au aut auth , c, ic, tic, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-emic emic emic a e em emi emic c ic mic emic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perspective perspective perspective a p pe per pers e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participants|||to|||decide|||what|||constitutes|||a|||blog.|||The|||styles|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-decide decide decide a d de dec deci e de ide cide others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-what what what a w wh wha what t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||that|||our|||participants|||read|||varied|||as|||much|||as|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
specific|||reading|||practices.|||These|||practices|||depend|||in|||large noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-practices. practices. practices . p pr pra prac . s. es. ces. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-These these these a T Th The Thes e se ese hese InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
part|||on|||the|||reader’s|||approach|||towards,|||and|||perception|||of,|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-part part part a p pa par part t rt art part others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blog,|||which|||shape|||and|||reshape|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-shape shape shape a s sh sha shap e pe ape hape others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
itself.|||An|||example|||of|||this|||iterative|||process|||is|||Krish’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-itself. itself. itself . i it its itse . f. lf. elf. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-An an an a A An An| An|| | || n|| An|| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-example example example a e ex exa exam e le ple mple others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
approach|||toward|||blogs;|||he|||generally|||views|||blogs|||as|||just noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-approach approach approach a a ap app appr h ch ach oach others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-toward toward toward a t to tow towa d rd ard ward others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs; blogs; blogs ; b bl blo blog ; s; gs; ogs; others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
another|||thing|||to|||do|||on|||the|||Internet|||when|||he’s|||bored.|||He noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-another another another a a an ano anot r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-thing thing thing a t th thi thin g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
calls|||himself|||a|||passive|||reader|||of|||blogs,|||unlikely|||to|||search noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-calls calls calls a c ca cal call s ls lls alls others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-himself himself himself a h hi him hims f lf elf self others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-passive passive passive a p pa pas pass e ve ive sive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
out|||a|||new|||set|||of|||blogs|||despite|||his|||disappointment|||in|||the|||lack noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-out out out a o ou out out| | t| ut| out| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-new new new a n ne new new| | w| ew| new| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-set set set a s se set set| | t| et| set| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
of|||content|||in|||the|||blogs|||he|||reads.|||However,|||during|||his|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-content content content a c co con cont t nt ent tent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
reading|||activity|||Krish|||began|||to|||note|||points|||of|||interest|||in|||his noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Krish krish krish a K Kr Kri Kris h sh ish rish InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-began began began a b be beg bega n an gan egan others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
hometown|||that|||were|||described|||in|||a|||blog.|||Now,|||when|||Krish noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-hometown hometown hometown a h ho hom home n wn own town others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-described described described a d de des desc d ed bed ibed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
returns|||home,|||he|||applies|||the|||knowledge|||he|||acquired|||online noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-returns returns returns a r re ret retu s ns rns urns others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-home, home, home , h ho hom home , e, me, ome, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-applies applies applies a a ap app appl s es ies lies others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to|||his|||experience|||offline.|||Although|||Krish’s|||initial noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-experience experience experience a e ex exp expe e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-offline. offline. offline . o of off offl . e. ne. ine. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
motivation|||for|||reading|||blogs|||shaped|||his|||self-labeled noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-motivation motivation motivation a m mo mot moti n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“passive|||reading”|||of|||blogs,|||his|||Internet-only|||experience noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“passive “passive passive a “ “p “pa “pas e ve ive sive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading” reading” reading ” r re rea read ” g” ng” ing” others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
reshaped|||itself|||into|||an|||activity|||with|||offline|||implications. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reshaped reshaped reshaped a r re res resh d ed ped aped others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-itself itself itself a i it its itse f lf elf self others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-into into into a i in int into o to nto into others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
Reader-response|||theory|||directs|||us|||to|||note|||the|||ways|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Reader-response reader-response readerresponse a R Re Rea Read e se nse onse InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-directs directs directs a d di dir dire s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-us us us a u us us| us|| | || s|| us|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
individual|||readers|||read|||different|||blogs|||differently.|||While|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blog|||reader|||may|||feel|||fine|||lurking|||on|||popular|||blogs,|||she|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
he|||may|||feel|||obligated|||to|||interact|||on|||the|||blogs|||of|||friends. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-obligated obligated obligated a o ob obl obli d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Although|||examining|||format|||and|||content|||in|||order|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Although although although a A Al Alt Alth h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-examining examining examining a e ex exa exam g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-format format format a f fo for form t at mat rmat others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
categorize|||a|||blog|||may|||reveal|||a|||general|||understanding|||of|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-categorize categorize categorize a c ca cat cate e ze ize rize others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others bodyText
blog,|||this|||approach|||is|||likely|||to|||neglect|||the|||audience|||for noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-approach approach approach a a ap app appr h ch ach oach others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
whom|||the|||blog|||is,|||at|||least|||in|||part,|||intended. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-whom whom whom a w wh who whom m om hom whom others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is, is, is , i is is, is,| | ,| s,| is,| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no contPunct bodyText
What|||is|||a|||Blog? noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 4Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-What what what a W Wh Wha What t at hat What InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Blog? blog? blog ? B Bl Blo Blog ? g? og? log? InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct subsectionHeader
Definitions|||of|||the|||term|||“blog”|||cited|||in|||the|||academic noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Definitions definitions definitions a D De Def Defi s ns ons ions InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-term term term a t te ter term m rm erm term others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
literature|||often|||resemble|||Herring|||et|||al.’s,|||“frequently noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-literature literature literature a l li lit lite e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-resemble resemble resemble a r re res rese e le ble mble others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Herring herring herring a H He Her Herr g ng ing ring InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
modified|||web|||pages|||in|||which|||dated|||entries|||are|||listed|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-modified modified modified a m mo mod modi d ed ied fied others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-web web web a w we web web| | b| eb| web| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-pages pages pages a p pa pag page s es ges ages others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
reverse|||chronological|||order”|||[10:1].|||boyd|||[2]|||provides|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reverse reverse reverse a r re rev reve e se rse erse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-chronological chronological chronological a c ch chr chro l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-order” order” order ” o or ord orde ” r” er” der” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[10:1]. [10:1]. 101 . [ [1 [10 [10: . ]. 1]. :1]. others 3dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
survey|||of|||various|||definitions|||from|||dictionaries,|||researchers, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-survey survey survey a s su sur surv y ey vey rvey others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-various various various a v va var vari s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
mass|||media,|||and|||bloggers|||themselves.|||When|||we|||asked|||our noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-mass mass mass a m ma mas mass s ss ass mass others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-media, media, media , m me med medi , a, ia, dia, others nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participants,|||“what|||is|||a|||blog?”|||the|||responses|||were|||a|||mixture noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants, participants, participants , p pa par part , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“what “what what a “ “w “wh “wha t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
that|||pointed|||to|||updates,|||commenting|||capabilities, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pointed pointed pointed a p po poi poin d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-updates, updates, updates , u up upd upda , s, es, tes, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
authorship,|||RSS|||feeds,|||personal|||content,|||etc.|||Unlike|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-authorship, authorship, authorship , a au aut auth , p, ip, hip, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-RSS rss rss A R RS RSS RSS| | S| SS| RSS| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feeds, feeds, feeds , f fe fee feed , s, ds, eds, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-personal personal personal a p pe per pers l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
bloggers|||boyd|||describes,|||there|||is|||little|||or|||no|||uniformity|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-boyd boyd boyd a b bo boy boyd d yd oyd boyd others nonNum 37 maleName no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-describes, describes, describes , d de des desc , s, es, bes, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
definition|||among|||readers.|||For|||example|||Judith|||considered noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-definition definition definition a d de def defi n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers. readers. readers . r re rea read . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
the|||notes|||on|||facebook.com|||and|||the|||blog|||option|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-notes notes notes a n no not note s es tes otes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-facebook.com facebook.com facebookcom a f fa fac face m om com .com others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
myspace.com|||examples|||of|||blogs|||while|||many|||others|||did|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-myspace.com myspace.com myspacecom a m my mys mysp m om com .com others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-examples examples examples a e ex exa exam s es les ples others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
agree.|||When|||asked|||to|||define|||a|||blog|||some|||participants|||did noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-agree. agree. agree . a ag agr agre . e. ee. ree. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-When when when a W Wh Whe When n en hen When InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-asked asked asked a a as ask aske d ed ked sked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
refer|||to|||the|||frequency|||of|||modifications,|||but|||there|||was|||no noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-refer refer refer a r re ref refe r er fer efer others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-frequency frequency frequency a f fr fre freq y cy ncy ency others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
mention|||of|||dated|||entries|||or|||reverse|||chronological|||order. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-mention mention mention a m me men ment n on ion tion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-dated dated dated a d da dat date d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-entries entries entries a e en ent entr s es ies ries others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Rather|||than|||structural|||features,|||thirteen|||participants noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Rather rather rather a R Ra Rat Rath r er her ther InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-structural structural structural a s st str stru l al ral ural others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-features, features, features , f fe fea feat , s, es, res, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
discussed|||interactional|||attributes.|||For|||many|||bloggers,|||a|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-discussed discussed discussed a d di dis disc d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interactional interactional interactional a i in int inte l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-attributes. attributes. attributes . a at att attr . s. es. tes. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
is|||not|||something|||you|||have,|||blogging|||is|||something|||you|||do noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-something something something a s so som some g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-you you you a y yo you you| | u| ou| you| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
[2].|||However,|||among|||our|||participants,|||there|||was|||not|||such|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-[2]. [2]. 2 . [ [2 [2] [2]. . ]. 2]. [2]. others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
clear|||distinction.|||For|||example,|||Patricia|||emphasizes|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-clear clear clear a c cl cle clea r ar ear lear others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-distinction. distinction. distinction . d di dis dist . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-For for for a F Fo For For| | r| or| For| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
conversational|||nature|||of|||blogging: noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 4Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-conversational conversational conversational a c co con conv l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-nature nature nature a n na nat natu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging: blogging: blogging : b bl blo blog : g: ng: ing: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
A|||blog|||is|||something|||that’s|||still|||going|||on,|||that|||still|||has|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-A a a A A A| A|| A||| | || ||| A||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-something something something a s so som some g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
conversation|||going|||on,|||that|||has|||people|||commenting,|||[it] noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-conversation conversation conversation a c co con conv n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-going going going a g go goi goin g ng ing oing others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on, on, on , o on on, on,| | ,| n,| on,| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
1115 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1115 1115 1115 0 1 11 111 1115 5 15 115 1115 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
doesn’t|||have|||to|||be|||all|||the|||time,|||but|||it|||does|||have|||this|||dialogue noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-doesn’t doesn’t doesnt a d do doe does t ’t n’t sn’t others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
between|||the|||person|||who’s|||posting|||and|||the|||people|||who|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-person person person a p pe per pers n on son rson others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-who’s who’s whos a w wh who who’ s ’s o’s ho’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
reading,|||yeah|||that’s|||a|||blog....|||[When|||the|||conversation|||stops], noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading, reading, reading , r re rea read , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-yeah yeah yeah a y ye yea yeah h ah eah yeah others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that’s that’s thats a t th tha that s ’s t’s at’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others construct
by|||my|||definition,|||yeah|||it’s|||a|||dead|||site. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-my my my a m my my| my|| | || y|| my|| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-definition, definition, definition , d de def defi , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-yeah yeah yeah a y ye yea yeah h ah eah yeah others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
However,|||not|||all|||participants|||stressed|||conversational noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-all all all a a al all all| | l| ll| all| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
interaction.|||Providing|||another|||perspective,|||Natalie|||suggests noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interaction. interaction. interaction . i in int inte . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Providing providing providing a P Pr Pro Prov g ng ing ding InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-another another another a a an ano anot r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perspective, perspective, perspective , p pe per pers , e, ve, ive, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
that|||“a|||blog|||is|||a|||journal,|||like|||an|||electronic|||journal|||where noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“a “a a a “ “a “a| “a|| | || a|| “a|| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
people|||can|||express|||whatever|||they|||want,|||you|||know,|||and|||let noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-people people people a p pe peo peop e le ple ople others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-express express express a e ex exp expr s ss ess ress others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-whatever whatever whatever a w wh wha what r er ver ever others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
everyone|||read|||it|||I|||guess....|||it|||could|||be|||anything|||I|||guess.” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-everyone everyone everyone a e ev eve ever e ne one yone others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Many|||respondents|||referred|||to|||“getting”|||a|||Xanga|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Many many many a M Ma Man Many y ny any Many InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-respondents respondents respondents a r re res resp s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-referred referred referred a r re ref refe d ed red rred others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
“having”|||a|||blog,|||which|||foregrounds|||the|||blog|||as|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“having” “having” having ” “ “h “ha “hav ” g” ng” ing” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
possession|||and|||backgrounds|||the|||interactivity|||and|||process|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-possession possession possession a p po pos poss n on ion sion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds a b ba bac back s ds nds unds others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
blogging.|||Eight|||participants|||varied|||in|||their|||usage|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogging. blogging. blogging . b bl blo blog . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Eight eight eight a E Ei Eig Eigh t ht ght ight InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-varied varied varied a v va var vari d ed ied ried others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
term|||“blog”:|||sometimes|||it|||would|||refer|||to|||an|||individual|||blog, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-term term term a t te ter term m rm erm term others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“blog”: “blog”: blog : “ “b “bl “blo : ”: g”: og”: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-sometimes sometimes sometimes a s so som some s es mes imes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
an|||individual|||post,|||e.g.,|||“I|||write|||a|||lot|||of|||blogs,”|||or|||even|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-post, post, post , p po pos post , t, st, ost, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
entire|||blog-hosting|||site,|||such|||as|||when|||participants|||include noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-entire entire entire a e en ent enti e re ire tire others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog-hosting blog-hosting bloghosting a b bl blo blog g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-site, site, site , s si sit site , e, te, ite, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
LiveJournal|||in|||the|||blogs|||they|||frequently|||read. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-LiveJournal livejournal livejournal a L Li Liv Live l al nal rnal InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
In|||Patricia’s|||definition,|||the|||interaction|||that|||occurs|||makes|||it noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Patricia’s patricia’s patricias a P Pa Pat Patr s ’s a’s ia’s InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-definition, definition, definition , d de def defi , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
a|||blog,|||while|||in|||Natalie’s|||definition|||the|||content|||makes|||it|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-while while while a w wh whi whil e le ile hile others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
blog.|||“It|||could|||be|||anything”|||demonstrates|||just|||how|||fluid|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-“It “it it a “ “I “It “It| | t| It| “It| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-could could could a c co cou coul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
notion|||of|||blog|||can|||be.|||Another|||respondent,|||Tony,|||listed|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-notion notion notion a n no not noti n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
series|||of|||technical|||requirements,|||including|||commenting|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-series series series a s se ser seri s es ies ries others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-technical technical technical a t te tec tech l al cal ical others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-requirements, requirements, requirements , r re req requ , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
RSS,|||when|||asked|||if|||a|||particular|||website|||was|||a|||blog|||or|||not: noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-RSS, rss, rss , R RS RSS RSS, , S, SS, RSS, AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-asked asked asked a a as ask aske d ed ked sked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-if if if a i if if| if|| | || f|| if|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
That|||website|||is|||[a|||blog],|||yeah,|||but|||it|||doesn’t|||have|||live noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-That that that a T Th Tha That t at hat That InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-website website website a w we web webs e te ite site others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-[a [a a a [ [a [a| [a|| | || a|| [a|| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others construct
comments|||from|||people|||who|||read|||it.|||It|||has|||message|||boards|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-people people people a p pe peo peop e le ple ople others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
are|||associated|||with|||it,|||but|||they’re|||not|||as|||directly|||linked|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-associated associated associated a a as ass asso d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it, it, it , i it it, it,| | ,| t,| it,| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct construct
different|||page|||articles,|||I|||don’t|||know.|||It’s|||not|||a|||static|||page,|||I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-page page page a p pa pag page e ge age page others nonNum 23 maleName femaleName lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-articles, articles, articles , a ar art arti , s, es, les, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
mean|||every|||week|||you|||go|||to|||it,|||it|||will|||have|||different|||articles, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-mean mean mean a m me mea mean n an ean mean others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-every every every a e ev eve ever y ry ery very others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-week week week a w we wee week k ek eek week others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-you you you a y yo you you| | u| ou| you| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
but|||it’s|||not|||exactly|||the|||same|||format|||as|||a|||blog,|||it|||does|||have|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-3 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-it’s it’s its a i it it’ it’s s ’s t’s it’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-exactly exactly exactly a e ex exa exac y ly tly ctly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
RSS|||feed|||though|||so|||you|||can|||see|||what’s|||new|||on|||it. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-RSS rss rss A R RS RSS RSS| | S| SS| RSS| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feed feed feed a f fe fee feed d ed eed feed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-though though though a t th tho thou h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-so so so a s so so| so|| | || o|| so|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
If|||readers|||and|||writers|||are|||both|||involved|||in|||the|||co- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-If if if a I If If| If|| | || f|| If|| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-writers writers writers a w wr wri writ s rs ers ters others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
construction|||of|||the|||blog|||[21],|||how|||do|||differences|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-construction construction construction a c co con cons n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
definitions|||impact|||this|||process? noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 4Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-impact impact impact a i im imp impa t ct act pact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-process? process? process ? p pr pro proc ? s? ss? ess? others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
As|||with|||boyd’s|||[2]|||respondents,|||many|||readers|||used noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-As as as a A As As| As|| | || s|| As|| InitCap nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-boyd’s boyd’s boyds a b bo boy boyd s ’s d’s yd’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[2] [2] 2 ] [ [2 [2] [2]| | ]| 2]| [2]| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no braces bodyText
metaphors|||to|||define|||the|||term|||blog,|||and|||the|||metaphors|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-metaphors metaphors metaphors a m me met meta s rs ors hors others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-define define define a d de def defi e ne ine fine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
which|||they|||attempt|||to|||make|||sense|||of|||blogs|||in|||turn|||affect noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-attempt attempt attempt a a at att atte t pt mpt empt others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
their|||understanding|||of,|||perception|||of,|||and|||interaction|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-understanding understanding understanding a u un und unde g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of, of, of , o of of, of,| | ,| f,| of,| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-perception perception perception a p pe per perc n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs.|||Seven|||of|||the|||fifteen|||participants|||referred|||to|||blogs|||as|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Seven seven seven a S Se Sev Seve n en ven even InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
newspaper|||or|||magazine,|||and|||ten|||of|||the|||fifteen|||used|||the|||term noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-newspaper newspaper newspaper a n ne new news r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-magazine, magazine, magazine , m ma mag maga , e, ne, ine, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
diary|||or|||journal|||to|||describe|||at|||least|||one|||blog|||they|||read. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-diary diary diary a d di dia diar y ry ary iary others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-journal journal journal a j jo jou jour l al nal rnal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
These|||data|||point|||to|||the|||problematic|||nature|||of|||basing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-These these these a T Th The Thes e se ese hese InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-data data data a d da dat data a ta ata data others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-point point point a p po poi poin t nt int oint others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
research|||on|||blogging|||activity|||upon|||the|||traditional|||format- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
oriented|||definition|||of|||blogs.|||Although|||a|||blog’s|||format|||may noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-oriented oriented oriented a o or ori orie d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-definition definition definition a d de def defi n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
invite|||a|||certain|||reading,|||reader-response|||theory|||helps|||us noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-invite invite invite a i in inv invi e te ite vite others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-certain certain certain a c ce cer cert n in ain tain others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reading, reading, reading , r re rea read , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct bodyText
understand|||the|||actual|||interaction|||or|||lack|||of|||interaction|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-actual actual actual a a ac act actu l al ual tual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
occurs|||between|||the|||blog|||reader|||and|||the|||blogger.|||Although noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-occurs occurs occurs a o oc occ occu s rs urs curs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
definitions|||found|||in|||the|||research|||literature|||[11,21]|||can|||be noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-found found found a f fo fou foun d nd und ound others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
useful|||from|||an|||analytic|||standpoint,|||they|||may|||be|||less|||useful noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-useful useful useful a u us use usef l ul ful eful others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-analytic analytic analytic a a an ana anal c ic tic ytic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
or|||even|||misleading|||when|||trying|||to|||understand|||how|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-misleading misleading misleading a m mi mis misl g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
bloggers|||and|||readers|||themselves|||approach|||blogging.|||When noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-themselves themselves themselves a t th the them s es ves lves others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
seeking|||to|||understand|||blogging|||from|||the|||blogger’s|||or|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-seeking seeking seeking a s se see seek g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-understand understand understand a u un und unde d nd and tand others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reader’s|||perspective,|||the|||authors|||found|||it|||more|||useful|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perspective, perspective, perspective , p pe per pers , e, ve, ive, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-authors authors authors a a au aut auth s rs ors hors others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
informative|||to|||consider|||blogs|||not|||in|||terms|||of|||academic noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-informative informative informative a i in inf info e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-consider consider consider a c co con cons r er der ider others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
definitions,|||but|||rather|||in|||the|||terms|||of|||those|||involved|||in|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-definitions, definitions, definitions , d de def defi , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
activity|||of|||blogging. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 3Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging. blogging. blogging . b bl blo blog . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Presentation|||and|||Perception noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 3Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Presentation presentation presentation a P Pr Pre Pres n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Perception perception perception a P Pe Per Perc n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsectionHeader
Previous|||work|||[1,2,15,23]|||has|||explored|||how|||bloggers|||use noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Previous previous previous a P Pr Pre Prev s us ous ious InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-[1,2,15,23] [1,2,15,23] 121523 ] [ [1 [1, [1,2 ] 3] 23] ,23] others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
blogs|||as|||a|||means|||of|||presentation|||of|||self|||(see|||[9])|||online. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-means means means a m me mea mean s ns ans eans others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
This|||section|||explores|||the|||other|||half|||of|||that|||phenomenon, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-section section section a s se sec sect n on ion tion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-explores explores explores a e ex exp expl s es res ores others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
that|||is,|||how|||readers|||perceive|||the|||self|||that|||bloggers|||present. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is, is, is , i is is, is,| | ,| s,| is,| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
In|||some|||respects,|||these|||results|||align|||with|||previous|||findings. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respects, respects, respects , r re res resp , s, ts, cts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
However,|||findings|||about|||our|||respondents|||also|||differ|||in|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
number|||of|||important|||ways|||from|||previous|||assertions|||about noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-number number number a n nu num numb r er ber mber others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-ways ways ways a w wa way ways s ys ays ways others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
audience|||and|||perception|||in|||blogging. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-audience audience audience a a au aud audi e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perception perception perception a p pe per perc n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Agreement|||with|||Previous|||Findings noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 4Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_yes xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Agreement agreement agreement a A Ag Agr Agre t nt ent ment InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Previous previous previous a P Pr Pre Prev s us ous ious InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Findings findings findings a F Fi Fin Find s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsubsectionHeader
Past|||work|||on|||authenticity,|||one|||aspect|||of|||bloggers’ noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Past past past a P Pa Pas Past t st ast Past InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-authenticity, authenticity, authenticity , a au aut auth , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
presentation|||of|||self,|||illustrates|||that|||audiences|||of|||blogs|||hope noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-self, self, self , s se sel self , f, lf, elf, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-illustrates illustrates illustrates a i il ill illu s es tes ates others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
and|||expect|||authenticity,|||and|||that|||without|||it|||readership|||will noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-expect expect expect a e ex exp expe t ct ect pect others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-authenticity, authenticity, authenticity , a au aut auth , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
be|||lost|||(McNeil|||in|||[15]).|||For|||blogs,|||authenticity|||does|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-lost lost lost a l lo los lost t st ost lost others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-(McNeil (mcneil mcneil a ( (M (Mc (McN l il eil Neil InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
hinge|||upon|||the|||accuracy|||of|||information|||they|||present,|||but noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-hinge hinge hinge a h hi hin hing e ge nge inge others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-upon upon upon a u up upo upon n on pon upon others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-accuracy accuracy accuracy a a ac acc accu y cy acy racy others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
rather|||upon|||their|||interpretability.|||(Langellier|||and|||Peterson noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-rather rather rather a r ra rat rath r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-upon upon upon a u up upo upon n on pon upon others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interpretability. interpretability. interpretability . i in int inte . y. ty. ity. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
in|||[15]).|||Lenhart|||bases|||her|||conclusion|||on|||Langellier|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-[15]). [15]). 15 . [ [1 [15 [15] . ). ]). 5]). others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Lenhart lenhart lenhart a L Le Len Lenh t rt art hart InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bases bases bases a b ba bas base s es ses ases others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Peterson’s|||examination|||of|||the|||persistent|||interpretability|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Peterson’s peterson’s petersons a P Pe Pet Pete s ’s n’s on’s InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-examination examination examination a e ex exa exam n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
narratives.|||Arguing|||that|||blogs|||are|||a|||form|||of|||narrative,|||she noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-narratives. narratives. narratives . n na nar narr . s. es. ves. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Arguing arguing arguing a A Ar Arg Argu g ng ing uing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
posits|||that|||the|||blog|||is|||perceived|||“as|||one|||person’s|||‘take’|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-posits posits posits a p po pos posi s ts its sits others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
an|||issue,|||one|||person’s|||perspective|||on|||a|||story,|||left|||open|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-issue, issue, issue , i is iss issu , e, ue, sue, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-one one one a o on one one| | e| ne| one| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-person’s person’s persons a p pe per pers s ’s n’s on’s others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
the|||interpretation|||of,|||and|||evaluation|||by,|||the|||reader,|||rather noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-interpretation interpretation interpretation a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of, of, of , o of of, of,| | ,| f,| of,| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
than|||as|||an|||unbiased|||source|||of|||information”|||[15:58-59]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-unbiased unbiased unbiased a u un unb unbi d ed sed ased others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Among|||our|||participants,|||eleven|||described|||the|||blogs|||they noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Among among among a A Am Amo Amon g ng ong mong InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants, participants, participants , p pa par part , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-eleven eleven eleven a e el ele elev n en ven even others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
read|||regularly|||as|||feeling|||authentic.|||Connie|||“definitely|||[gets] noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-regularly regularly regularly a r re reg regu y ly rly arly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-feeling feeling feeling a f fe fee feel g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
an|||inside|||look|||at|||their|||lives”,|||while|||Natalie|||feels|||like|||she|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-inside inside inside a i in ins insi e de ide side others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-look look look a l lo loo look k ok ook look others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-at at at a a at at| at|| | || t|| at|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
traveling|||alongside|||the|||bloggers|||who|||write|||about|||their noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-traveling traveling traveling a t tr tra trav g ng ing ling others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-alongside alongside alongside a a al alo alon e de ide side others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
travels.|||All|||thirteen|||of|||our|||participants|||who|||read|||single- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-travels. travels. travels . t tr tra trav . s. ls. els. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-All all all a A Al All All| | l| ll| All| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-thirteen thirteen thirteen a t th thi thir n en een teen others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
authored|||blogs|||recognize|||that|||posts|||of|||the|||blogs|||they|||read noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-authored authored authored a a au aut auth d ed red ored others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-recognize recognize recognize a r re rec reco e ze ize nize others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
regularly|||were|||either|||opinion|||or|||personal|||narratives,|||which noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-regularly regularly regularly a r re reg regu y ly rly arly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-either either either a e ei eit eith r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-opinion opinion opinion a o op opi opin n on ion nion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
are|||important|||components|||of|||the|||perception|||of|||authenticity. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-components components components a c co com comp s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
Blogs|||are|||generally|||considered|||a|||one-to-many|||medium,|||but noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Blogs blogs blogs a B Bl Blo Blog s gs ogs logs InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-generally generally generally a g ge gen gene y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-considered considered considered a c co con cons d ed red ered others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
are|||often|||experienced|||by|||bloggers|||as|||one-to-one|||[15].|||In noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-experienced experienced experienced a e ex exp expe d ed ced nced others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
this|||study,|||eight|||participants|||have|||experienced|||blogs|||as|||one- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-study, study, study , s st stu stud , y, dy, udy, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-eight eight eight a e ei eig eigh t ht ght ight others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to-one|||communication|||between|||them|||and|||the|||blogger. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to-one to-one toone a t to to- to-o e ne one -one others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-communication communication communication a c co com comm n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-them them them a t th the them m em hem them others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Selena|||says,|||“for|||like|||some|||people...,|||I|||guess|||sometimes|||I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Selena selena selena a S Se Sel Sele a na ena lena InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-says, says, says , s sa say says , s, ys, ays, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“for “for for a “ “f “fo “for r or for “for others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-like like like a l li lik like e ke ike like others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
feel|||like|||they’re|||writing|||to|||me.” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-like like like a l li lik like e ke ike like others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-they’re they’re theyre a t th the they e re ’re y’re others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-writing writing writing a w wr wri writ g ng ing ting others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
This|||study|||also|||shows|||that|||negotiations|||between|||online|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-study study study a s st stu stud y dy udy tudy others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-shows shows shows a s sh sho show s ws ows hows others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
offline|||identity|||for|||blog|||readers|||are|||similar|||to|||those|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-offline offline offline a o of off offl e ne ine line others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-identity identity identity a i id ide iden y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
bloggers.|||Early|||research|||into|||online|||identity,|||e.g.,|||[26], noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bloggers. bloggers. bloggers . b bl blo blog . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Early early early a E Ea Ear Earl y ly rly arly InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-into into into a i in int into o to nto into others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
argued|||that|||people|||used|||online|||worlds|||to|||create|||alternate noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-argued argued argued a a ar arg argu d ed ued gued others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-people people people a p pe peo peop e le ple ople others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-used used used a u us use used d ed sed used others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identities|||or|||to|||explore|||certain|||facets|||of|||their|||personality noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identities identities identities a i id ide iden s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-explore explore explore a e ex exp expl e re ore lore others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
that|||were|||not|||as|||prominent.|||However,|||more|||recent|||work, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-were were were a w we wer were e re ere were others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
e.g.,|||[1,20],|||has|||pointed|||to|||the|||ways|||in|||which|||a|||person’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-e.g., e.g., eg , e e. e.g e.g. , ., g., .g., others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-[1,20], [1,20], 120 , [ [1 [1, [1,2 , ], 0], 20], others 3dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-pointed pointed pointed a p po poi poin d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
online|||identity|||is|||a|||part|||or|||an|||extension|||of|||their|||offline noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-identity identity identity a i id ide iden y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
identity,|||such|||as|||the|||way|||that|||Trinidadians|||use|||the|||Internet noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identity, identity, identity , i id ide iden , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
as|||just|||another|||way|||of|||being|||“Trini”|||[20],|||and|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-just just just a j ju jus just t st ust just others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-another another another a a an ano anot r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-way way way a w wa way way| | y| ay| way| others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
attempting|||to|||sever|||the|||two|||can|||be|||misleading|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-attempting attempting attempting a a at att atte g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-sever sever sever a s se sev seve r er ver ever others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
confusing.|||Similarly,|||while|||blogs|||and|||“real|||life” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-confusing. confusing. confusing . c co con conf . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Similarly, similarly, similarly , S Si Sim Simi , y, ly, rly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-while while while a w wh whi whil e le ile hile others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
experiences|||are|||still|||distinct|||realms|||for|||readers,|||there|||is|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-experiences experiences experiences a e ex exp expe s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-still still still a s st sti stil l ll ill till others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-distinct distinct distinct a d di dis dist t ct nct inct others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
relatively|||tight|||coupling|||between|||readers’|||online|||and|||offline noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relatively relatively relatively a r re rel rela y ly ely vely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-tight tight tight a t ti tig tigh t ht ght ight others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-coupling coupling coupling a c co cou coup g ng ing ling others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identities.|||Describing|||one|||of|||her|||friends,|||Fern|||says|||that|||“the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identities. identities. identities . i id ide iden . s. es. ies. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Describing describing describing a D De Des Desc g ng ing bing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-one one one a o on one one| | e| ne| one| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
way|||he|||types|||is|||the|||way|||he|||talks|||and|||thinks,”|||and|||Lillian noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-way way way a w wa way way| | y| ay| way| others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-types types types a t ty typ type s es pes ypes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
hesitates|||to|||refer|||to|||only|||her|||offline|||friends|||as|||her|||“real” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-hesitates hesitates hesitates a h he hes hesi s es tes ates others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-refer refer refer a r re ref refe r er fer efer others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
friends.|||Were|||there|||a|||connection|||with|||Patricia’s|||online|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-friends. friends. friends . f fr fri frie . s. ds. nds. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Were were were a W We Wer Were e re ere Were InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
offline|||life,|||she|||says,|||“I|||[would|||be]|||a|||little|||bit|||surprised|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-offline offline offline a o of off offl e ne ine line others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-life, life, life , l li lif life , e, fe, ife, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-says, says, says , s sa say says , s, ys, ays, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
1116 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1116 1116 1116 0 1 11 111 1116 6 16 116 1116 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
a|||little|||bit|||happy|||that|||there|||was|||this|||link|||between|||my|||online noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-little little little a l li lit litt e le tle ttle others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bit bit bit a b bi bit bit| | t| it| bit| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-happy happy happy a h ha hap happ y py ppy appy others nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others bodyText
life|||that|||I|||publish|||online|||with|||just|||a|||typical|||school|||day|||that|||it noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-life life life a l li lif life e fe ife life others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-publish publish publish a p pu pub publ h sh ish lish others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
could|||be|||considered|||that|||I’m|||still|||the|||same...|||my|||screen noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-could could could a c co cou coul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-considered considered considered a c co con cons d ed red ered others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
name|||versus|||me.”|||However,|||she|||is|||also|||wary|||of|||creating|||too noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-name name name a n na nam name e me ame name others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-versus versus versus a v ve ver vers s us sus rsus others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-me.” me.” me ” m me me. me.” ” .” e.” me.” others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
strong|||a|||link|||between|||her|||online|||and|||offline|||identities.|||“I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-strong strong strong a s st str stro g ng ong rong others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-link link link a l li lin link k nk ink link others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
don’t|||want|||my|||dad|||to|||find|||me|||because|||there|||was|||this|||whole noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-don’t don’t dont a d do don don’ t ’t n’t on’t others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-want want want a w wa wan want t nt ant want others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-my my my a m my my| my|| | || y|| my|| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-dad dad dad a d da dad dad| | d| ad| dad| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
breakup|||thing|||[between|||my|||mom|||and|||dad]|||and|||he|||wasn’t noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-breakup breakup breakup a b br bre brea p up kup akup others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-thing thing thing a t th thi thin g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[between [between between a [ [b [be [bet n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-my my my a m my my| my|| | || y|| my|| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others bodyText
such|||a|||good|||person.”|||While|||Lillian|||was|||initially|||cautious noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-good good good a g go goo good d od ood good others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-person.” person.” person ” p pe per pers ” .” n.” on.” others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
about|||linking|||her|||knit-blogging|||with|||her|||life|||as|||a|||graduate noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-linking linking linking a l li lin link g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-her her her a h he her her| | r| er| her| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-knit-blogging knit-blogging knitblogging a k kn kni knit g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
student,|||and|||she|||still|||does|||not|||give|||out|||her|||full|||name|||online, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-student, student, student , s st stu stud , t, nt, ent, others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-still still still a s st sti stil l ll ill till others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
she|||also|||feels|||that|||her|||blogging|||activities|||are|||“a|||part|||of|||[her] noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feels feels feels a f fe fee feel s ls els eels others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
and|||it’s|||not|||worth|||hiding|||it.”|||This|||sort|||of|||ambivalence|||was noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it’s it’s its a i it it’ it’s s ’s t’s it’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-worth worth worth a w wo wor wort h th rth orth others nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
common|||among|||participants;|||they|||do|||not|||view|||the|||set|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-common common common a c co com comm n on mon mmon others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants; participants; participants ; p pa par part ; s; ts; nts; others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identities|||they|||construct|||through|||blog|||reading|||as|||identical|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identities identities identities a i id ide iden s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-construct construct construct a c co con cons t ct uct ruct others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
their|||set|||of|||offline|||identities,|||but|||they|||also|||do|||not|||view|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-set set set a s se set set| | t| et| set| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-offline offline offline a o of off offl e ne ine line others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
two|||sets|||as|||totally|||disjoint;|||most|||of|||them|||continuously noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-two two two a t tw two two| | o| wo| two| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-sets sets sets a s se set sets s ts ets sets others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-totally totally totally a t to tot tota y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
negotiate|||and|||redefine|||the|||relationship|||between|||the|||two. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-negotiate negotiate negotiate a n ne neg nego e te ate iate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-redefine redefine redefine a r re red rede e ne ine fine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
Differences|||from|||Previous|||Findings noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 4Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_yes xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Differences differences differences a D Di Dif Diff s es ces nces InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Previous previous previous a P Pr Pre Prev s us ous ious InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Findings findings findings a F Fi Fin Find s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsubsectionHeader
Previous|||work|||on|||blogs|||has|||overlooked|||several|||elements|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Previous previous previous a P Pr Pre Prev s us ous ious InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
presentation|||and|||perception,|||possibly|||due|||to|||its|||focus|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perception, perception, perception , p pe per perc , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-possibly possibly possibly a p po pos poss y ly bly ibly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
bloggers|||as|||both|||producers|||and|||consumers|||of|||blogs.|||Blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-both both both a b bo bot both h th oth both others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-producers producers producers a p pr pro prod s rs ers cers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
readers|||are|||often|||perceived|||by|||bloggers|||as|||an|||unnerving|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-often often often a o of oft ofte n en ten ften others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perceived perceived perceived a p pe per perc d ed ved ived others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
anonymous|||group|||of|||lurkers|||or|||instigators|||[15],|||placing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-anonymous anonymous anonymous a a an ano anon s us ous mous others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-group group group a g gr gro grou p up oup roup others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-lurkers lurkers lurkers a l lu lur lurk s rs ers kers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
expectations|||on|||the|||blogger,|||creating|||awkward|||social noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger, blogger, blogger , b bl blo blog , r, er, ger, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
situations,|||or|||sometimes|||presenting|||an|||unwanted,|||invading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-situations, situations, situations , s si sit situ , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-sometimes sometimes sometimes a s so som some s es mes imes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presenting presenting presenting a p pr pre pres g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
presence|||[2].|||However,|||blog|||readers|||often|||approach noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-presence presence presence a p pr pre pres e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[2]. [2]. 2 . [ [2 [2] [2]. . ]. 2]. [2]. others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
different|||blogs|||differently,|||and|||may|||contribute|||differently|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-differently, differently, differently , d di dif diff , y, ly, tly, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
different|||contexts.|||Each|||participant|||shared|||that|||she|||or|||he noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contexts. contexts. contexts . c co con cont . s. ts. xts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Each each each a E Ea Eac Each h ch ach Each InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participant participant participant a p pa par part t nt ant pant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
would|||variously|||comment,|||lurk,|||or|||instigate,|||depending|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-would would would a w wo wou woul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-variously variously variously a v va var vari y ly sly usly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comment, comment, comment , c co com comm , t, nt, ent, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-lurk, lurk, lurk , l lu lur lurk , k, rk, urk, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
the|||blog.|||As|||for|||commenting,|||eleven|||respondents|||stated|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-As as as a A As As| As|| | || s|| As|| InitCap nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
they|||would|||semi-regularly|||encounter|||statements|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-would would would a w wo wou woul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-semi-regularly semi-regularly semiregularly a s se sem semi y ly rly arly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-encounter encounter encounter a e en enc enco r er ter nter others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
sentiments|||with|||which|||they|||disagreed,|||but|||only|||four noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-sentiments sentiments sentiments a s se sen sent s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participants|||shared|||instances|||where|||their|||views|||differed noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-shared shared shared a s sh sha shar d ed red ared others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-instances instances instances a i in ins inst s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
significantly|||and|||decided|||to|||express|||their|||disagreement noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significantly significantly significantly a s si sig sign y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-decided decided decided a d de dec deci d ed ded ided others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
through|||comments.|||However,|||only|||one|||of|||these|||four|||would noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-through through through a t th thr thro h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments. comments. comments . c co com comm . s. ts. nts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
make|||comments|||with|||the|||aim|||of|||instigating|||an|||awkward noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-make make make a m ma mak make e ke ake make others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
situation|||or|||invading|||the|||blogger’s|||space.|||Lillian|||is|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-situation situation situation a s si sit situ n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-invading invading invading a i in inv inva g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
opinion|||that|||“it’s|||not|||worth|||being|||negative.”|||She|||strives|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-opinion opinion opinion a o op opi opin n on ion nion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“it’s “it’s its a “ “i “it “it’ s ’s t’s it’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
ensure|||that|||“whatever|||comes|||out|||of|||[her]|||mouth...|||or|||what noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-ensure ensure ensure a e en ens ensu e re ure sure others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“whatever “whatever whatever a “ “w “wh “wha r er ver ever others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comes comes comes a c co com come s es mes omes others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
comes|||out|||of|||[her]|||fingers|||is|||positive.”|||Kirsh,|||though,|||said noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-comes comes comes a c co com come s es mes omes others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-out out out a o ou out out| | t| ut| out| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-[her] [her] her ] [ [h [he [her ] r] er] her] others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no braces bodyText
that|||he|||enjoys|||bashing|||on|||bloggers|||or|||simply|||kindling noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-enjoys enjoys enjoys a e en enj enjo s ys oys joys others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-bashing bashing bashing a b ba bas bash g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“flame|||wars”|||of|||nearly|||unfounded,|||ruthless|||arguments. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“flame “flame flame a “ “f “fl “fla e me ame lame others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-wars” wars” wars ” w wa war wars ” s” rs” ars” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-nearly nearly nearly a n ne nea near y ly rly arly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
While|||previous|||research|||has|||described|||the|||expectations noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-While while while a W Wh Whi Whil e le ile hile InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-previous previous previous a p pr pre prev s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
readers|||place|||on|||bloggers,|||readers|||feel|||that|||there|||are|||certain noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-place place place a p pl pla plac e ce ace lace others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-bloggers, bloggers, bloggers , b bl blo blog , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
expectations|||of|||them,|||as|||well.|||According|||to|||Patricia,|||“a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-them, them, them , t th the them , m, em, hem, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
good|||post|||deserves|||a|||reply|||from|||the|||audience,”|||and|||Jill|||sees noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-good good good a g go goo good d od ood good others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-post post post a p po pos post t st ost post others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-deserves deserves deserves a d de des dese s es ves rves others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
“[commenting]|||as|||a|||courtesy.”|||Furthermore,|||while|||some noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“[commenting] “[commenting] commenting ] “ “[ “[c “[co ] g] ng] ing] others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-courtesy.” courtesy.” courtesy ” c co cou cour ” .” y.” sy.” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
comments|||are|||used|||as|||simple,|||lo-fi|||communication|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-4 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-used used used a u us use used d ed sed used others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
notification|||mechanisms|||(discussed|||further|||below),|||many noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-notification notification notification a n no not noti n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-mechanisms mechanisms mechanisms a m me mec mech s ms sms isms others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-(discussed (discussed discussed a ( (d (di (dis d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-further further further a f fu fur furt r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
readers|||spend|||a|||significant|||amount|||of|||time|||formulating|||their noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-spend spend spend a s sp spe spen d nd end pend others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-significant significant significant a s si sig sign t nt ant cant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
comments|||in|||order|||for|||them|||to|||be|||coherent|||and|||insightful. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-order order order a o or ord orde r er der rder others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
In|||the|||rare|||event|||that|||Charles|||comments,|||he|||needs|||“time|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-rare rare rare a r ra rar rare e re are rare others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-event event event a e ev eve even t nt ent vent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
sit|||down|||and|||plot|||out|||a|||cogent|||response.”|||While|||bloggers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-sit sit sit a s si sit sit| | t| it| sit| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-down down down a d do dow down n wn own down others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-plot plot plot a p pl plo plot t ot lot plot others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
feel|||pressures|||about|||the|||content|||and|||identity|||they|||present, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pressures pressures pressures a p pr pre pres s es res ures others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
readers|||feel|||pressures|||about|||ensuring|||that|||their|||comments noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pressures pressures pressures a p pr pre pres s es res ures others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
make|||a|||significant|||contribution.|||Similarly,|||while|||bloggers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-make make make a m ma mak make e ke ake make others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-significant significant significant a s si sig sign t nt ant cant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contribution. contribution. contribution . c co con cont . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
may|||feel|||pressured|||to|||update,|||ten|||of|||our|||participants|||felt noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-may may may a m ma may may| | y| ay| may| others nonNum 14 no femaleName lastName monthName no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pressured pressured pressured a p pr pre pres d ed red ured others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
obligated|||to|||read|||or|||comment,|||particularly|||on|||friends’|||blogs noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-obligated obligated obligated a o ob obl obli d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
or|||blogs|||of|||which|||they|||felt|||that|||they|||were|||“a|||part”|||(see|||next noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
section).|||Selena|||“admits”|||that|||there|||are|||some|||posts,|||even|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-section). section). section . s se sec sect . ). n). on). others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Selena selena selena a S Se Sel Sele a na ena lena InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-“admits” “admits” admits ” “ “a “ad “adm ” s” ts” its” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||of|||close|||friends,|||that|||she|||does|||not|||read.|||Lillian|||was noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-close close close a c cl clo clos e se ose lose others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-friends, friends, friends , f fr fri frie , s, ds, nds, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct bodyText
relieved|||to|||learn|||that|||other|||readers|||did|||not|||follow|||every noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relieved relieved relieved a r re rel reli d ed ved eved others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-learn learn learn a l le lea lear n rn arn earn others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
single|||post|||and|||skimmed|||many.|||However,|||while|||a|||reader noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-single single single a s si sin sing e le gle ngle others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-post post post a p po pos post t st ost post others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-skimmed skimmed skimmed a s sk ski skim d ed med mmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
can|||“get|||away”|||with|||not|||reading|||every|||post|||without|||much noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-“get “get get a “ “g “ge “get t et get “get others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-away” away” away ” a aw awa away ” y” ay” way” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
notice,|||it|||is|||more|||obvious|||when|||there|||are|||lapses|||on|||the|||part noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-notice, notice, notice , n no not noti , e, ce, ice, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
of|||the|||blogger.|||Though|||expectations|||and|||obligations|||may noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger. blogger. blogger . b bl blo blog . r. er. ger. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Though though though a T Th Tho Thou h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
not|||be|||symmetrical,|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging|||nevertheless noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-symmetrical, symmetrical, symmetrical , s sy sym symm , l, al, cal, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
exerts|||social|||pressures|||on|||both|||bloggers|||and|||readers. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-exerts exerts exerts a e ex exe exer s ts rts erts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pressures pressures pressures a p pr pre pres s es res ures others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
However,|||the|||situation|||with|||respect|||to|||readers’|||expectations noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-situation situation situation a s si sit situ n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
is|||somewhat|||more|||complex|||still.|||Thirteen|||respondents noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-somewhat somewhat somewhat a s so som some t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-complex complex complex a c co com comp x ex lex plex others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
expressed|||expectations|||with|||regard|||to|||update|||frequency, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-expressed expressed expressed a e ex exp expr d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-regard regard regard a r re reg rega d rd ard gard others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
visual|||style,|||navigability,|||responsiveness,|||appropriateness, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-visual visual visual a v vi vis visu l al ual sual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-style, style, style , s st sty styl , e, le, yle, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-navigability, navigability, navigability , n na nav navi , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-responsiveness, responsiveness, responsiveness , r re res resp , s, ss, ess, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
and|||other|||aspects.|||However,|||just|||as|||readers|||read|||different noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-aspects. aspects. aspects . a as asp aspe . s. ts. cts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
blogs|||differently,|||they|||have|||different|||expectations|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-differently, differently, differently , d di dif diff , y, ly, tly, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
different|||blogs.|||Expectations|||are|||often|||more|||lax|||for|||friends’ noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Expectations expectations expectations a E Ex Exp Expe s ns ons ions InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||and|||greater|||for|||more|||popular|||“big”|||blogs.|||On|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-greater greater greater a g gr gre grea r er ter ater others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
other|||hand,|||for|||example,|||when|||readers|||comment|||on|||these noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-hand, hand, hand , h ha han hand , d, nd, and, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
big|||blogs,|||they|||rarely|||expect|||a|||response,|||while|||a|||comment noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-big big big a b bi big big| | g| ig| big| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-rarely rarely rarely a r ra rar rare y ly ely rely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
on|||a|||friend’s|||blog|||almost|||demands|||reciprocation.|||Natalie|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-friend’s friend’s friends a f fr fri frie s ’s d’s nd’s others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
interested|||in|||travel,|||and|||so|||often|||reads|||and|||comments|||on noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-interested interested interested a i in int inte d ed ted sted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-travel, travel, travel , t tr tra trav , l, el, vel, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
travel|||blogs.|||She|||does|||not|||expect|||the|||blogger|||to|||respond|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-travel travel travel a t tr tra trav l el vel avel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-She she she a S Sh She She| | e| he| She| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
her|||questions,|||but|||is|||pleasantly|||surprised|||when|||it|||happens. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-her her her a h he her her| | r| er| her| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-questions, questions, questions , q qu que ques , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
Differences|||in|||expectations|||of|||blogger|||and|||reader|||are|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Differences differences differences a D Di Dif Diff s es ces nces InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
split|||only|||along|||the|||lines|||of|||friend|||blogs|||vs.|||big|||blogs.|||For noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-split split split a s sp spl spli t it lit plit others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-along along along a a al alo alon g ng ong long others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
example,|||on|||knit|||blogs,|||Lillian|||comments,|||answers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-knit knit knit a k kn kni knit t it nit knit others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
questions,|||and|||provides|||positive|||feedback,|||but|||she|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-questions, questions, questions , q qu que ques , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-provides provides provides a p pr pro prov s es des ides others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-positive positive positive a p po pos posi e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
unwilling|||to|||do|||the|||same|||on|||other|||blogs|||she|||reads,|||such|||as|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-unwilling unwilling unwilling a u un unw unwi g ng ing ling others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
science|||blog|||that|||relates|||to|||her|||graduate|||studies. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-science science science a s sc sci scie e ce nce ence others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-relates relates relates a r re rel rela s es tes ates others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Many|||of|||these|||differences—in|||expectations,|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Many many many a M Ma Man Many y ny any Many InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-differences—in differences—in differencesin a d di dif diff n in —in s—in others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
commenting,|||in|||other|||regards—can|||be|||traced|||to|||the|||reader’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-commenting, commenting, commenting , c co com comm , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-regards—can regards—can regardscan a r re reg rega n an can —can others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
perception|||of|||the|||blogger|||or|||blog,|||and|||to|||the|||reader’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-perception perception perception a p pe per perc n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
motivation|||for|||reading.|||Lillian|||views|||the|||knit|||and|||craft noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-motivation motivation motivation a m mo mot moti n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reading. reading. reading . r re rea read . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no stopPunct TOKEN-Lillian lillian lillian a L Li Lil Lill n an ian lian InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others bodyText
blogs|||as|||a|||community|||and|||often|||attributes|||certain noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-community community community a c co com comm y ty ity nity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
characteristics|||of|||the|||community|||to|||its|||primarily|||female noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-characteristics characteristics characteristics a c ch cha char s cs ics tics others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-community community community a c co com comm y ty ity nity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
composition.|||Tony|||accounts|||for|||his|||commenting|||practices noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-composition. composition. composition . c co com comp . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Tony tony tony a T To Ton Tony y ny ony Tony InitCap nonNum 7 maleName femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-accounts accounts accounts a a ac acc acco s ts nts unts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
as|||something|||he|||enjoys|||doing|||as|||an|||engineer.|||Charles|||reads noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-something something something a s so som some g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-enjoys enjoys enjoys a e en enj enjo s ys oys joys others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||as|||a|||routine|||that|||helps|||him|||obtain|||information.|||Judith noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-routine routine routine a r ro rou rout e ne ine tine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reads|||primarily|||to|||keep|||in|||contact|||with|||friends.|||It|||is|||not|||only noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reads reads reads a r re rea read s ds ads eads others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-primarily primarily primarily a p pr pri prim y ly ily rily others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-keep keep keep a k ke kee keep p ep eep keep others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
the|||way|||the|||blogger|||presents|||herself|||or|||himself|||that|||affects noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-way way way a w wa way way| | y| ay| way| others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||readers|||perception|||of|||the|||blogger,|||but|||also|||the|||purpose noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perception perception perception a p pe per perc n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
for|||which|||the|||reader|||is|||reading. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Although|||this|||paper|||focuses|||on|||blog|||readers,|||only|||three|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Although although although a A Al Alt Alth h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-focuses focuses focuses a f fo foc focu s es ses uses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||fifteen|||participants|||do|||not|||have|||their|||own|||blog.|||Despite noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-fifteen fifteen fifteen a f fi fif fift n en een teen others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
the|||fact|||that|||many|||of|||our|||participants|||are|||also|||bloggers,|||at noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-fact fact fact a f fa fac fact t ct act fact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-many many many a m ma man many y ny any many others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
least|||nominally,|||the|||findings|||presented|||here|||are|||still noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-least least least a l le lea leas t st ast east others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-nominally, nominally, nominally , n no nom nomi , y, ly, lly, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
applicable|||to|||blog|||readers,|||because,|||as|||argued|||above,|||there noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-applicable applicable applicable a a ap app appl e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers, readers, readers , r re rea read , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
is|||no|||evidence|||in|||the|||literature|||that|||there|||exist|||bloggers|||who noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-no no no a n no no| no|| | || o|| no|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-evidence evidence evidence a e ev evi evid e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
do|||not|||read|||blogs.|||However,|||one|||difference|||is|||the|||tendency noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs. blogs. blogs . b bl blo blog . s. gs. ogs. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
for|||the|||non-bloggers|||to|||read|||only|||popular,|||highly|||trafficked noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-non-bloggers non-bloggers nonbloggers a n no non non- s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
blogs,|||whereas,|||of|||the|||twelve|||blog|||readers|||with|||blogs,|||ten noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-whereas, whereas, whereas , w wh whe wher , s, as, eas, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
used|||their|||blogs|||to|||keep|||up|||with|||friends.|||Ultimately,|||though, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-used used used a u us use used d ed sed used others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
1117 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1117 1117 1117 0 1 11 111 1117 7 17 117 1117 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
the|||activity|||of|||blog|||reading|||is|||neither|||a|||dichotomy|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogger|||versus|||reader|||nor|||a|||set|||of|||transactions|||that|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-versus versus versus a v ve ver vers s us sus rsus others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-nor nor nor a n no nor nor| | r| or| nor| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
confined|||to|||the|||materiality|||of|||the|||blog.|||“It|||depends” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-confined confined confined a c co con conf d ed ned ined others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-materiality materiality materiality a m ma mat mate y ty ity lity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
describes|||how|||the|||experience|||of|||blog|||reading|||is|||highly noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-describes describes describes a d de des desc s es bes ibes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-experience experience experience a e ex exp expe e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
contingent|||on|||the|||individual|||reader|||and|||not|||solely|||the|||blog. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-contingent contingent contingent a c co con cont t nt ent gent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“Being|||a|||Part” noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 3Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-“Being “being being a “ “B “Be “Bei g ng ing eing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Part” part” part ” P Pa Par Part ” t” rt” art” InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others subsectionHeader
When|||discussions|||with|||respondents|||turned|||to|||themes|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-When when when a W Wh Whe When n en hen When InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-discussions discussions discussions a d di dis disc s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respondents respondents respondents a r re res resp s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participation|||in,|||and|||contribution|||to,|||the|||blogs|||they|||read, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participation participation participation a p pa par part n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in, in, in , i in in, in,| | ,| n,| in,| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contribution contribution contribution a c co con cont n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
eleven|||of|||them|||described|||feeling|||that|||they|||were|||a|||“part”|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-eleven eleven eleven a e el ele elev n en ven even others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-them them them a t th the them m em hem them others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-described described described a d de des desc d ed bed ibed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
a|||blog|||in|||some|||way.|||This|||is|||distinct|||from|||the|||feeling|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
membership|||or|||belonging|||in|||a|||community|||[6,12].|||Some noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-membership membership membership a m me mem memb p ip hip ship others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-belonging belonging belonging a b be bel belo g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
respondents|||felt|||that|||they|||were|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||without|||ever noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-respondents respondents respondents a r re res resp s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-felt felt felt a f fe fel felt t lt elt felt others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
making|||their|||individual|||presence|||known|||to|||the|||blogger|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-making making making a m ma mak maki g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presence presence presence a p pr pre pres e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
other|||readers.|||Being|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||is|||more|||than|||consistent noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-readers. readers. readers . r re rea read . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Being being being a B Be Bei Bein g ng ing eing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-part part part a p pa par part t rt art part others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
readership,|||a|||sense|||of|||community,|||or|||a|||feeling|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readership, readership, readership , r re rea read , p, ip, hip, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-sense sense sense a s se sen sens e se nse ense others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
connectedness,|||although|||it|||includes|||all|||those|||things. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-connectedness, connectedness, connectedness , c co con conn , s, ss, ess, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-although although although a a al alt alth h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-includes includes includes a i in inc incl s es des udes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Readership|||is|||one|||component|||to|||being|||a|||part|||of|||a|||blog. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Readership readership readership a R Re Rea Read p ip hip ship InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-one one one a o on one one| | e| ne| one| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-component component component a c co com comp t nt ent nent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Connie|||stated|||that,|||“just|||by|||reading|||I|||feel|||like|||I’m noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Connie connie connie a C Co Con Conn e ie nie nnie InitCap nonNum 7 maleName femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-stated stated stated a s st sta stat d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that, that, that , t th tha that , t, at, hat, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-“just “just just a “ “j “ju “jus t st ust just others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
participating.”|||Nevertheless,|||a|||few|||question|||if|||they|||are|||part noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participating.” participating.” participating ” p pa par part ” .” g.” ng.” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Nevertheless, nevertheless, nevertheless , N Ne Nev Neve , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-few few few a f fe few few| | w| ew| few| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
of|||any|||of|||the|||blogs|||that|||they|||read.|||For|||Charles,|||the|||idea|||of|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-any any any a a an any any| | y| ny| any| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
community|||is|||a|||central|||component|||to|||the|||definition|||of|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-community community community a c co com comm y ty ity nity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-central central central a c ce cen cent l al ral tral others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
blog,|||and|||thus|||he|||does|||not|||feel|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||because|||he noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-thus thus thus a t th thu thus s us hus thus others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
does|||not|||consistently|||contribute|||as|||he|||might|||expect|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-consistently consistently consistently a c co con cons y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contribute contribute contribute a c co con cont e te ute bute others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
community-member|||to|||do.|||Importantly,|||Charles|||reads noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-community-member community-member communitymember a c co com comm r er ber mber others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-do. do. do . d do do. do.| | .| o.| do.| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Importantly, importantly, importantly , I Im Imp Impo , y, ly, tly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
mostly|||“big”|||blogs—ones|||that|||are|||relatively|||popular, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-mostly mostly mostly a m mo mos most y ly tly stly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-“big” “big” big ” “ “b “bi “big ” g” ig” big” others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs—ones blogs—ones blogsones a b bl blo blog s es nes ones others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
generate|||a|||high|||volume|||of|||traffic,|||and|||receive|||copious noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-generate generate generate a g ge gen gene e te ate rate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-high high high a h hi hig high h gh igh high others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-volume volume volume a v vo vol volu e me ume lume others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
comments—and|||while|||other|||participants|||could|||be|||a|||part|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-comments—and comments—and commentsand a c co com comm d nd and —and others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-while while while a w wh whi whil e le ile hile others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
a|||big|||blog|||without|||commenting,|||some|||sort|||of|||interaction noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-big big big a b bi big big| | g| ig| big| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-without without without a w wi wit with t ut out hout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
was|||necessary|||for|||Charles.|||While|||an|||important|||component noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-necessary necessary necessary a n ne nec nece y ry ary sary others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Charles. charles. charles . C Ch Cha Char . s. es. les. InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no stopPunct bodyText
of|||being|||a|||part,|||readership|||alone|||is|||often|||not|||sufficient. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-being being being a b be bei bein g ng ing eing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-part, part, part , p pa par part , t, rt, art, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct bodyText
Six|||of|||the|||fifteen|||participants|||said|||specifically|||that|||they|||felt noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Six six six a S Si Six Six| | x| ix| Six| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-fifteen fifteen fifteen a f fi fif fift n en een teen others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“connected”|||to|||a|||blog|||or|||blogger.|||Kuwabara|||et|||al.’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-“connected” “connected” connected ” “ “c “co “con ” d” ed” ted” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
examination|||of|||FaintPop|||[14]|||revealed|||that|||the|||ability|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-examination examination examination a e ex exa exam n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-FaintPop faintpop faintpop a F Fa Fai Fain p op Pop tPop InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[14] [14] 14 ] [ [1 [14 [14] ] 4] 14] [14] others 2dig 0 no no no no no no braces bodyText
express|||things|||that|||might|||not|||be|||considered|||an|||important noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-express express express a e ex exp expr s ss ess ress others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-things things things a t th thi thin s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-might might might a m mi mig migh t ht ght ight others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
topic|||of|||conversation,|||such|||as|||moods,|||help|||construct|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-topic topic topic a t to top topi c ic pic opic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-conversation, conversation, conversation , c co con conv , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
feeling|||of|||connectedness.|||In|||the|||blogosphere,|||such noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feeling feeling feeling a f fe fee feel g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-connectedness. connectedness. connectedness . c co con conn . s. ss. ess. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
examples|||are|||lo-fi|||comments,|||ones|||that|||are|||short,|||do|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-examples examples examples a e ex exa exam s es les ples others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-lo-fi lo-fi lofi a l lo lo- lo-f i fi -fi o-fi others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments, comments, comments , c co com comm , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
convey|||much|||content-wise,|||and|||are|||relatively|||generic. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-convey convey convey a c co con conv y ey vey nvey others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-much much much a m mu muc much h ch uch much others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-content-wise, content-wise, contentwise , c co con cont , e, se, ise, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
These|||comments|||also|||share|||certain|||aspects|||with|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-These these these a T Th The Thes e se ese hese InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-share share share a s sh sha shar e re are hare others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
communication|||afforded|||by|||the|||Virtual|||Intimate|||Object noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-communication communication communication a c co com comm n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-afforded afforded afforded a a af aff affo d ed ded rded others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
(VIO)|||[13],|||in|||that|||they|||are|||relatively|||low|||bandwidth noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-(VIO) (vio) vio ) ( (V (VI (VIO ) O) IO) VIO) AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-[13], [13], 13 , [ [1 [13 [13] , ], 3], 13], others 2dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
communication|||but|||carry|||a|||high|||degree|||of|||meaning|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-communication communication communication a c co com comm n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-carry carry carry a c ca car carr y ry rry arry others nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
value|||for|||both|||reader|||and|||blogger.|||However,|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-value value value a v va val valu e ue lue alue others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-both both both a b bo bot both h th oth both others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
participants|||who|||expressed|||a|||feeling|||of|||connectedness,|||only noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-who who who a w wh who who| | o| ho| who| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-expressed expressed expressed a e ex exp expr d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
Natalie|||described|||a|||feeling|||of|||presence|||similar|||to|||FaintPop noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Natalie natalie natalie a N Na Nat Nata e ie lie alie InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-described described described a d de des desc d ed bed ibed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-feeling feeling feeling a f fe fee feel g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
or|||the|||VIO.|||When|||reading|||travel|||blogs|||she|||feels|||as|||if|||she|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-VIO. vio. vio . V VI VIO VIO. . O. IO. VIO. AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-When when when a W Wh Whe When n en hen When InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
traveling|||with|||the|||blogger,|||sharing|||the|||blogger’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-traveling traveling traveling a t tr tra trav g ng ing ling others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger, blogger, blogger , b bl blo blog , r, er, ger, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
experiences,|||supporting|||her|||or|||his|||travels.|||Furthermore, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-experiences, experiences, experiences , e ex exp expe , s, es, ces, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-supporting supporting supporting a s su sup supp g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-her her her a h he her her| | r| er| her| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
though|||lo-fi|||comments|||are|||not|||the|||exception,|||they|||are|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-though though though a t th tho thou h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-lo-fi lo-fi lofi a l lo lo- lo-f i fi -fi o-fi others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||rule,|||either.|||Although|||Cheryl|||feels|||connected|||to|||one|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-rule, rule, rule , r ru rul rule , e, le, ule, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-either. either. either . e ei eit eith . r. er. her. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Although although although a A Al Alt Alth h gh ugh ough InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||sports-fan|||blogs|||she|||reads,|||she|||has|||yet|||to|||feel|||the|||need noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-sports-fan sports-fan sportsfan a s sp spo spor n an fan -fan others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
to|||leave|||comments|||of|||any|||sort.|||On|||the|||one|||hand,|||there|||is|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-leave leave leave a l le lea leav e ve ave eave others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-comments comments comments a c co com comm s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
argument|||that|||the|||readers|||who|||do|||not|||comment|||are|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-argument argument argument a a ar arg argu t nt ent ment others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
really|||connected,|||or|||that|||those|||who|||comment|||are|||more noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-really really really a r re rea real y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-connected, connected, connected , c co con conn , d, ed, ted, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
connected.|||Drawing|||on|||reader|||response|||theory,|||this|||paper noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-connected. connected. connected . c co con conn . d. ed. ted. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Drawing drawing drawing a D Dr Dra Draw g ng ing wing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
argues|||instead|||that|||connectedness|||is|||constituted|||differently noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-argues argues argues a a ar arg argu s es ues gues others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-instead instead instead a i in ins inst d ad ead tead others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-connectedness connectedness connectedness a c co con conn s ss ess ness others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
in|||different|||contexts;|||being|||a|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||looks|||different noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contexts; contexts; contexts ; c co con cont ; s; ts; xts; others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-being being being a b be bei bein g ng ing eing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
for|||different|||readers,|||and|||connectedness,|||even|||when noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers, readers, readers , r re rea read , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
achieved|||by|||different|||means,|||is|||still|||connectedness. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-achieved achieved achieved a a ac ach achi d ed ved eved others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-means, means, means , m me mea mean , s, ns, ans, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct bodyText
Connectedness|||does|||not|||always|||entail|||feeling|||connected|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Connectedness connectedness connectedness a C Co Con Conn s ss ess ness InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-does does does a d do doe does s es oes does others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-always always always a a al alw alwa s ys ays ways others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||blogger|||as|||a|||person.|||Despite|||the|||distinctive|||personal noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
style|||and|||presentation|||of|||self|||in|||many|||blogs,|||not|||all|||readers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-style style style a s st sty styl e le yle tyle others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
visit|||blogs|||for|||the|||blogger.|||Instead,|||they|||are|||more|||interested noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-visit visit visit a v vi vis visi t it sit isit others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
in|||the|||content|||or|||information|||presented|||on|||the|||blog.|||Among noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-content content content a c co con cont t nt ent tent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
our|||respondents,|||ten|||of|||fifteen|||read|||certain|||blogs|||because noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-respondents, respondents, respondents , r re res resp , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-ten ten ten a t te ten ten| | n| en| ten| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
they|||know|||or|||are|||familiar|||with|||the|||blogger|||in|||person,|||while noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-know know know a k kn kno know w ow now know others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
eleven|||of|||fifteen|||read|||certain|||blogs|||because|||they|||want noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-5 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-eleven eleven eleven a e el ele elev n en ven even others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-fifteen fifteen fifteen a f fi fif fift n en een teen others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
information|||about|||a|||particular|||topic.|||However,|||motivations noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-particular particular particular a p pa par part r ar lar ular others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
can|||change|||over|||time.|||During|||the|||interviews,|||eleven noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-can can can a c ca can can| | n| an| can| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-change change change a c ch cha chan e ge nge ange others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-over over over a o ov ove over r er ver over others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-time. time. time . t ti tim time . e. me. ime. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
participants|||described|||situations|||where|||they|||began|||reading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-described described described a d de des desc d ed bed ibed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-situations situations situations a s si sit situ s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogs|||for|||information|||purposes,|||but|||continued|||reading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-purposes, purposes, purposes , p pu pur purp , s, es, ses, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
because|||they|||developed|||a|||connection|||with|||the|||blogger. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-because because because a b be bec beca e se use ause others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-developed developed developed a d de dev deve d ed ped oped others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
Cheryl|||reads|||fourfour,|||a|||blog|||with|||pop|||culture|||news|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Cheryl cheryl cheryl a C Ch Che Cher l yl ryl eryl InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-reads reads reads a r re rea read s ds ads eads others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-fourfour, fourfour, fourfour , f fo fou four , r, ur, our, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
commentary.|||Initially,|||she|||started|||reading|||for|||the|||blogger’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-commentary. commentary. commentary . c co com comm . y. ry. ary. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Initially, initially, initially , I In Ini Init , y, ly, lly, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-started started started a s st sta star d ed ted rted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
witty|||and|||insightful|||entries|||about|||hip|||hop|||and|||“snarky noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-witty witty witty a w wi wit witt y ty tty itty others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-insightful insightful insightful a i in ins insi l ul ful tful others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-entries entries entries a e en ent entr s es ies ries others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
commentary”|||about|||reality|||TV|||shows.|||However,|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-commentary” commentary” commentary ” c co com comm ” y” ry” ary” others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reality reality reality a r re rea real y ty ity lity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-TV tv tv A T TV TV| TV|| | || V|| TV|| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogger|||would|||also|||occasionally|||post|||about|||his|||cats. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-would would would a w wo wou woul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-occasionally occasionally occasionally a o oc occ occa y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
At|||first,|||when|||he|||was|||posting|||pictures|||about|||his|||cat,|||not|||that|||I noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-At at at a A At At| At|| | || t|| At|| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-first, first, first , f fi fir firs , t, st, rst, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-when when when a w wh whe when n en hen when others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-he he he a h he he| he|| | || e|| he|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
thought|||it|||was|||a|||little|||nutty,|||but|||it|||was|||like,|||‘what’s|||the|||sense noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-thought thought thought a t th tho thou t ht ght ught others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others construct
in|||doing|||this?’,|||but|||then|||I|||would|||read|||the|||entries|||and|||they noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-doing doing doing a d do doi doin g ng ing oing others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-this?’, this?’, this , t th thi this , ’, ?’, s?’, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others construct
would|||be|||really|||cute|||or|||hilarious|||pictures|||so|||then|||I|||became noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-would would would a w wo wou woul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-really really really a r re rea real y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-cute cute cute a c cu cut cute e te ute cute others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
even|||a|||fan|||of|||the|||cat|||postings|||then|||I|||was|||like,|||‘oh|||my|||god,|||this noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-fan fan fan a f fa fan fan| | n| an| fan| others nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others construct
is|||so|||petty’....|||he’s|||a|||charismatic|||person|||so|||pretty|||much|||any noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-so so so a s so so| so|| | || o|| so|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-petty’.... petty’.... petty . p pe pet pett . .. ... .... others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-he’s he’s hes a h he he’ he’s s ’s e’s he’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
topic|||you’ll|||get|||some|||sort|||of|||satisfaction|||or|||chuckle... noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-topic topic topic a t to top topi c ic pic opic others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-you’ll you’ll youll a y yo you you’ l ll ’ll u’ll others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-get get get a g ge get get| | t| et| get| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others construct
Even|||though|||Cheryl|||was|||initially|||drawn|||to|||the|||blog|||for|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Even even even a E Ev Eve Even n en ven Even InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-though though though a t th tho thou h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Cheryl cheryl cheryl a C Ch Che Cher l yl ryl eryl InitCap nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-was was was a w wa was was| | s| as| was| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
content,|||she|||ended|||up|||feeling|||connected|||with|||the|||blogger noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-content, content, content , c co con cont , t, nt, ent, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-she she she a s sh she she| | e| he| she| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-ended ended ended a e en end ende d ed ded nded others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-up up up a u up up| up|| | || p|| up|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
due|||in|||part|||to|||the|||personal|||information|||with|||which|||he noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-due due due a d du due due| | e| ue| due| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-part part part a p pa par part t rt art part others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
supplemented|||his|||posts.|||In|||contrast,|||there|||were|||no|||instances noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-supplemented supplemented supplemented a s su sup supp d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-posts. posts. posts . p po pos post . s. ts. sts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
where|||a|||blog|||reader|||began|||reading|||a|||blog|||for|||the|||blogger, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
and|||despite|||a|||falling|||out|||or|||loss|||of|||feeling|||connected noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-despite despite despite a d de des desp e te ite pite others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-falling falling falling a f fa fal fall g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
continued|||to|||read|||for|||the|||content.|||This|||pattern|||suggests|||that, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-continued continued continued a c co con cont d ed ued nued others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
contrary|||to|||previous|||findings|||[2,23],|||it|||is|||important|||not|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-contrary contrary contrary a c co con cont y ry ary rary others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-previous previous previous a p pr pre prev s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
conflate|||the|||blogger|||with|||the|||content|||of|||the|||blog|||when noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-conflate conflate conflate a c co con conf e te ate late others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogger blogger blogger a b bl blo blog r er ger gger others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
considering|||the|||perspective|||of|||the|||reader. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-considering considering considering a c co con cons g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-perspective perspective perspective a p pe per pers e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
SUMMARY|||AND|||IMPLICATIONS noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 3Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-SUMMARY summary summary A S SU SUM SUMM Y RY ARY MARY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-AND and and A A AN AND AND| | D| ND| AND| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-IMPLICATIONS implications implications A I IM IMP IMPL S NS ONS IONS AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
This|||section|||highlights|||salient|||themes|||from|||the|||above noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-section section section a s se sec sect n on ion tion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-highlights highlights highlights a h hi hig high s ts hts ghts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-salient salient salient a s sa sal sali t nt ent ient others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
findings|||as|||well|||as|||potential|||implications.|||These|||include|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-well well well a w we wel well l ll ell well others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
only|||design|||implications,|||but|||also|||more|||broadly|||future noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-only only only a o on onl only y ly nly only others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-design design design a d de des desi n gn ign sign others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-implications, implications, implications , i im imp impl , s, ns, ons, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
research|||directions|||and|||societal|||implications. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-directions directions directions a d di dir dire s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-societal societal societal a s so soc soci l al tal etal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Routine|||–|||All|||of|||our|||participants|||mentioned|||in|||some|||way noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Routine routine routine a R Ro Rou Rout e ne ine tine InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-All all all a A Al All All| | l| ll| All| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
the|||habitual|||nature|||of|||blog|||reading.|||Charles’|||statement|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-habitual habitual habitual a h ha hab habi l al ual tual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-nature nature nature a n na nat natu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
reading|||blogs|||is|||“something|||that|||happens”|||frames|||the|||reader noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-“something “something something a “ “s “so “som g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
as|||passive,|||neither|||self-aware|||nor|||reflective|||about|||their noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-passive, passive, passive , p pa pas pass , e, ve, ive, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-neither neither neither a n ne nei neit r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-self-aware self-aware selfaware a s se sel self e re are ware others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reading.|||While|||some|||participants|||were|||conscious|||of|||why noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading. reading. reading . r re rea read . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no stopPunct TOKEN-While while while a W Wh Whi Whil e le ile hile InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-some some some a s so som some e me ome some others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
they|||read|||blogs,|||few|||were|||reflective|||of|||how|||they|||read.|||For noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-few few few a f fe few few| | w| ew| few| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
example,|||participants|||rarely|||reflected|||on|||the|||routine|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-rarely rarely rarely a r ra rar rare y ly ely rely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reflected reflected reflected a r re ref refl d ed ted cted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
time-consuming|||nature|||of|||blog|||reading|||prior|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-time-consuming time-consuming timeconsuming a t ti tim time g ng ing ming others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-nature nature nature a n na nat natu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
participation|||in|||this|||study.|||This|||finding|||suggests|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participation participation participation a p pa par part n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-study. study. study . s st stu stud . y. dy. udy. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct bodyText
designing|||tools|||to|||raise|||self-awareness|||and|||encourage noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-designing designing designing a d de des desi g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-tools tools tools a t to too tool s ls ols ools others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-raise raise raise a r ra rai rais e se ise aise others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reflection|||could|||be|||valuable|||in|||transforming|||routinized|||blog noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reflection reflection reflection a r re ref refl n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-could could could a c co cou coul d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-valuable valuable valuable a v va val valu e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
1118 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1118 1118 1118 0 1 11 111 1118 8 18 118 1118 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
reading|||into|||a|||more|||engaging,|||fulfilling|||experience.|||Future noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-into into into a i in int into o to nto into others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
work|||should|||also|||compare|||blog|||reading|||to|||other|||routine noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-should should should a s sh sho shou d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-compare compare compare a c co com comp e re are pare others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
media|||use,|||such|||as|||watching|||television,|||checking|||email, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-media media media a m me med medi a ia dia edia others nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-use, use, use , u us use use, , e, se, use, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
reading|||the|||newspaper,|||or|||listening|||to|||the|||radio. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-newspaper, newspaper, newspaper , n ne new news , r, er, per, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
Not|||Information|||Overload|||–|||Research|||on|||information noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Not not not a N No Not Not| | t| ot| Not| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Information information information a I In Inf Info n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Overload overload overload a O Ov Ove Over d ad oad load InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
retrieval|||(IR)|||and|||related|||areas|||often|||asserts|||that|||the|||copious noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-retrieval retrieval retrieval a r re ret retr l al val eval others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-(IR) (ir) ir ) ( (I (IR (IR) ) R) IR) (IR) AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-related related related a r re rel rela d ed ted ated others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
quantity|||of|||information|||available|||leads|||to|||information noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-quantity quantity quantity a q qu qua quan y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-available available available a a av ava avai e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
overload,|||wherein|||overwhelmed|||users|||are|||unable|||to|||find noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-overload, overload, overload , o ov ove over , d, ad, oad, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-wherein wherein wherein a w wh whe wher n in ein rein others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed a o ov ove over d ed med lmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-users users users a u us use user s rs ers sers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
relevant|||or|||important|||information|||in|||the|||ever-growing noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relevant relevant relevant a r re rel rele t nt ant vant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
deluge.|||However,|||among|||this|||study’s|||participants,|||only|||two noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-deluge. deluge. deluge . d de del delu . e. ge. uge. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-However, however, however , H Ho How Howe , r, er, ver, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
feel|||overwhelmed|||by|||the|||information|||content|||available|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed a o ov ove over d ed med lmed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
them.|||These|||readers|||do|||not|||feel|||the|||need|||to|||be|||constantly|||up noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-them. them. them . t th the them . m. em. hem. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-These these these a T Th The Thes e se ese hese InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
to|||date|||with|||everything|||posted|||in|||the|||blogs|||they|||read.|||More noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-date date date a d da dat date e te ate date others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-everything everything everything a e ev eve ever g ng ing hing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
studies|||should|||explore|||information|||overload,|||or|||lack noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-studies studies studies a s st stu stud s es ies dies others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-should should should a s sh sho shou d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-explore explore explore a e ex exp expl e re ore lore others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-information information information a i in inf info n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
thereof,|||from|||users’|||perspectives|||in|||other|||contexts,|||so|||as|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-thereof, thereof, thereof , t th the ther , f, of, eof, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-users’ users’ users ’ u us use user ’ s’ rs’ ers’ others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perspectives perspectives perspectives a p pe per pers s es ves ives others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to|||spend|||research|||time|||developing|||IR|||algorithms|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-spend spend spend a s sp spe spen d nd end pend others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-time time time a t ti tim time e me ime time others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
alleviate|||a|||problem|||not|||actually|||experienced|||by|||users. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-alleviate alleviate alleviate a a al all alle e te ate iate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-problem problem problem a p pr pro prob m em lem blem others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-not not not a n no not not| | t| ot| not| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Non-chronous|||–|||While|||readers|||experience|||blog|||posts|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Non-chronous non-chronous nonchronous a N No Non Non- s us ous nous InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-While while while a W Wh Whi Whil e le ile hile InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
temporal|||order,|||the|||exact|||times|||of|||the|||posts|||does|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-temporal temporal temporal a t te tem temp l al ral oral others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-order, order, order , o or ord orde , r, er, der, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-exact exact exact a e ex exa exac t ct act xact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
significantly|||impact|||the|||reading|||activity.|||The|||recency|||of|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significantly significantly significantly a s si sig sign y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-impact impact impact a i im imp impa t ct act pact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reading reading reading a r re rea read g ng ing ding others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
post|||has|||more|||to|||do|||with|||the|||number|||of|||other|||posts|||that noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-post post post a p po pos post t st ost post others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
have|||occurred|||since|||the|||post|||in|||question|||than|||with|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-occurred occurred occurred a o oc occ occu d ed red rred others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-since since since a s si sin sinc e ce nce ince others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
amount|||of|||time|||that|||has|||passed.|||Not|||only|||does|||this|||finding noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-amount amount amount a a am amo amou t nt unt ount others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-time time time a t ti tim time e me ime time others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
have|||implications|||for|||the|||design|||of|||blog|||reading|||tools|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-have have have a h ha hav have e ve ave have others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-implications implications implications a i im imp impl s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
respect|||to|||determining|||what|||content|||users/readers|||will|||find noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-respect respect respect a r re res resp t ct ect pect others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-determining determining determining a d de det dete g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-what what what a w wh wha what t at hat what others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
important,|||but|||it|||also|||points|||to|||the|||ways|||in|||which noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-important, important, important , i im imp impo , t, nt, ant, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
technologies|||such|||as|||blogs|||influence|||perceptions|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-technologies technologies technologies a t te tec tech s es ies gies others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
temporality.|||The|||passage|||of|||time|||here|||is|||marked|||by|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-temporality. temporality. temporality . t te tem temp . y. ty. ity. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-passage passage passage a p pa pas pass e ge age sage others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
occurrence|||of|||certain|||events,|||i.e.,|||posts,|||such|||that|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-occurrence occurrence occurrence a o oc occ occu e ce nce ence others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-certain certain certain a c ce cer cert n in ain tain others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-events, events, events , e ev eve even , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
significance|||of|||a|||period|||of|||time|||and|||even|||the|||perception|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-significance significance significance a s si sig sign e ce nce ance others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-period period period a p pe per peri d od iod riod others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
how|||much|||time|||has|||elapsed|||are|||influenced|||by|||how|||much noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-much much much a m mu muc much h ch uch much others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-time time time a t ti tim time e me ime time others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others bodyText
happens|||in|||that|||period,|||i.e.,|||how|||many|||posts|||occur.|||Future noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-happens happens happens a h ha hap happ s ns ens pens others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-period, period, period , p pe per peri , d, od, iod, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
studies|||should|||pay|||attention|||to|||the|||ways|||in|||which|||the|||design noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-studies studies studies a s st stu stud s es ies dies others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-should should should a s sh sho shou d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-pay pay pay a p pa pay pay| | y| ay| pay| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-attention attention attention a a at att atte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
and|||use|||of|||other|||technologies|||and|||communication|||media, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-use use use a u us use use| | e| se| use| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-other other other a o ot oth othe r er her ther others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
such|||as|||instant|||messaging,|||email,|||or|||Twitter,|||influence|||how noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-instant instant instant a i in ins inst t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-messaging, messaging, messaging , m me mes mess , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
users|||perceive|||and|||constitute|||the|||passage|||of|||time. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-users users users a u us use user s rs ers sers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perceive perceive perceive a p pe per perc e ve ive eive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-constitute constitute constitute a c co con cons e te ute tute others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Identity–|||This|||paper|||builds|||on|||previous|||studies|||of|||online noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Identity– identity– identity – I Id Ide Iden – y– ty– ity– InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-builds builds builds a b bu bui buil s ds lds ilds others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identity|||by|||exploring|||readers’|||perceptions|||of|||bloggers’ noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identity identity identity a i id ide iden y ty ity tity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-by by by a b by by| by|| | || y|| by|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-exploring exploring exploring a e ex exp expl g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers’ readers’ readers ’ r re rea read ’ s’ rs’ ers’ others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
identities.|||The|||findings|||here|||agree|||with|||previous|||ones,|||for noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-identities. identities. identities . i id ide iden . s. es. ies. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-findings findings findings a f fi fin find s gs ngs ings others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-here here here a h he her here e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
example,|||that|||online|||and|||offline|||identities|||are|||not noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-example, example, example , e ex exa exam , e, le, ple, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
completely|||separate|||and|||distinct|||from|||one|||another|||[2,20], noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-completely completely completely a c co com comp y ly ely tely others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-separate separate separate a s se sep sepa e te ate rate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-distinct distinct distinct a d di dis dist t ct nct inct others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
but|||there|||are|||also|||differences.|||For|||example,|||while|||previous noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-but but but a b bu but but| | t| ut| but| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-there there there a t th the ther e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
work|||has|||looked|||at|||the|||obligations|||the|||blogger|||feels|||from noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-has has has a h ha has has| | s| as| has| others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-looked looked looked a l lo loo look d ed ked oked others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-at at at a a at at| at|| | || t|| at|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
his|||or|||her|||audience,|||this|||paper|||looked|||also|||at|||the|||obligations noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-his his his a h hi his his| | s| is| his| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-her her her a h he her her| | r| er| her| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-audience, audience, audience , a au aud audi , e, ce, nce, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
readers|||feel|||toward|||the|||blogger.|||Also,|||these|||findings noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feel feel feel a f fe fee feel l el eel feel others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-toward toward toward a t to tow towa d rd ard ward others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
indicate|||disconnects|||between|||the|||pressures|||felt|||by|||bloggers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-indicate indicate indicate a i in ind indi e te ate cate others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-disconnects disconnects disconnects a d di dis disc s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
and|||the|||expectations|||of|||readers.|||While|||these|||findings noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-expectations expectations expectations a e ex exp expe s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
provide|||future|||directions|||for|||exploring|||identity|||perception noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-provide provide provide a p pr pro prov e de ide vide others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-future future future a f fu fut futu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-directions directions directions a d di dir dire s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
and|||presentation|||in|||social|||media|||and|||its|||connection|||to|||other noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
aspects|||of|||interaction,|||such|||as|||privacy,|||appropriateness,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-aspects aspects aspects a a as asp aspe s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-interaction, interaction, interaction , i in int inte , n, on, ion, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
authority,|||they|||also|||suggest|||a|||design|||space|||for|||tools|||to|||allow noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-authority, authority, authority , a au aut auth , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-they they they a t th the they y ey hey they others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-suggest suggest suggest a s su sug sugg t st est gest others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
more|||nuanced|||interactions|||between|||bloggers|||and|||readers. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-nuanced nuanced nuanced a n nu nua nuan d ed ced nced others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interactions interactions interactions a i in int inte s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
“Being|||a|||Part”|||–|||Being|||a|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||involves|||regular noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-“Being “being being a “ “B “Be “Bei g ng ing eing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Part” part” part ” P Pa Par Part ” t” rt” art” InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reading,|||a|||feeling|||of|||community,|||and|||a|||sense|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reading, reading, reading , r re rea read , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-feeling feeling feeling a f fe fee feel g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
connectedness,|||though|||these|||aspects|||are|||neither|||necessary noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-connectedness, connectedness, connectedness , c co con conn , s, ss, ess, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-though though though a t th tho thou h gh ugh ough others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-these these these a t th the thes e se ese hese others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-aspects aspects aspects a a as asp aspe s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
nor|||sufficient.|||What|||it|||takes|||to|||be|||a|||part|||of|||a|||blog|||varies noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-nor nor nor a n no nor nor| | r| or| nor| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-sufficient. sufficient. sufficient . s su suf suff . t. nt. ent. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-What what what a W Wh Wha What t at hat What InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
depending|||on|||the|||individual|||reader|||and|||the|||specific|||blog, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-depending depending depending a d de dep depe g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
especially|||whether|||it|||is|||a|||“big”|||popular|||blog|||or|||a|||personal noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-especially especially especially a e es esp espe y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-whether whether whether a w wh whe whet r er her ther others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-it it it a i it it| it|| | || t|| it|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
friend’s|||blog.|||Based|||on|||these|||varied|||interactions|||between noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-friend’s friend’s friends a f fr fri frie s ’s d’s nd’s others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-blog. blog. blog . b bl blo blog . g. og. log. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Based based based a B Ba Bas Base d ed sed ased InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
reader|||and|||blog,|||readership|||is|||defined|||and|||constituted noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog, blog, blog , b bl blo blog , g, og, log, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-readership readership readership a r re rea read p ip hip ship others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
differently|||in|||different|||contexts.|||Future|||work|||should noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-differently differently differently a d di dif diff y ly tly ntly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-different different different a d di dif diff t nt ent rent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-contexts. contexts. contexts . c co con cont . s. ts. xts. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
examine|||the|||feeling|||of|||“being|||a|||part”|||both|||in|||different noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-examine examine examine a e ex exa exam e ne ine mine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-feeling feeling feeling a f fe fee feel g ng ing ling others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
social|||media,|||such|||as|||YouTube|||or|||Wikipedia,|||as|||well|||as|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-media, media, media , m me med medi , a, ia, dia, others nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-such such such a s su suc such h ch uch such others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
instances|||where|||the|||division|||between|||authors|||and|||readers|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-instances instances instances a i in ins inst s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-where where where a w wh whe wher e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-division division division a d di div divi n on ion sion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
more|||nebulous|||or|||even|||nonexistent,|||such|||as|||social noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-nebulous nebulous nebulous a n ne neb nebu s us ous lous others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
networking|||sites|||or|||Twitter.|||Furthermore,|||it|||will|||be noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-networking networking networking a n ne net netw g ng ing king others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-sites sites sites a s si sit site s es tes ites others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Twitter. twitter. twitter . T Tw Twi Twit . r. er. ter. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
important|||to|||examine|||how|||participation|||in|||these|||and|||other noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-important important important a i im imp impo t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-examine examine examine a e ex exa exam e ne ine mine others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-how how how a h ho how how| | w| ow| how| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
online|||interactions|||impacts|||our|||definition|||of|||what|||it|||means noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-interactions interactions interactions a i in int inte s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-impacts impacts impacts a i im imp impa s ts cts acts others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-our our our a o ou our our| | r| ur| our| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to|||be|||a|||member|||of|||a|||community,|||both|||online|||and|||offline. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-member member member a m me mem memb r er ber mber others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Interactional|||Approach|||–|||drawing|||on|||reader|||response noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Interactional interactional interactional a I In Int Inte l al nal onal InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Approach approach approach a A Ap App Appr h ch ach oach InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-– – empty – – –| –|| –||| | || ||| –||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-drawing drawing drawing a d dr dra draw g ng ing wing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
theory|||[3,17]|||and|||recent|||trends|||in|||HCI|||research|||[5],|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-[3,17] [3,17] 317 ] [ [3 [3, [3,1 ] 7] 17] ,17] others 3dig 0 no no no no no no braces TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-recent recent recent a r re rec rece t nt ent cent others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
research|||presented|||here|||takes|||an|||interactional|||approach|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-research research research a r re res rese h ch rch arch others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-presented presented presented a p pr pre pres d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-here here here a h he her here e re ere here others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-takes takes takes a t ta tak take s es kes akes others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
studying|||blog|||reading,|||shifting|||the|||focus|||from|||structural, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-studying studying studying a s st stu stud g ng ing ying others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-reading, reading, reading , r re rea read , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-shifting shifting shifting a s sh shi shif g ng ing ting others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
technical,|||or|||content-oriented|||aspects|||of|||blogs|||to|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-technical, technical, technical , t te tec tech , l, al, cal, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-content-oriented content-oriented contentoriented a c co con cont d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-aspects aspects aspects a a as asp aspe s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
reader’s|||experiences|||with|||them.|||This|||approach|||leads|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-reader’s reader’s readers a r re rea read s ’s r’s er’s others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-experiences experiences experiences a e ex exp expe s es ces nces others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-with with with a w wi wit with h th ith with others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-them. them. them . t th the them . m. em. hem. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct bodyText
novel,|||reader-centered|||definitions|||of|||the|||term|||“blog”|||based noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-novel, novel, novel , n no nov nove , l, el, vel, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-reader-centered reader-centered readercentered a r re rea read d ed red ered others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
on|||the|||types|||of|||reading|||and|||interaction|||it|||allows|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-types types types a t ty typ type s es pes ypes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
encourages.|||Focusing|||on|||interaction|||also|||foregrounds|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-encourages. encourages. encourages . e en enc enco . s. es. ges. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Focusing focusing focusing a F Fo Foc Focu g ng ing sing InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
ways|||in|||which|||blogs|||are|||not|||a|||genre|||but|||a|||medium|||for noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-ways ways ways a w wa way ways s ys ays ways others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-which which which a w wh whi whic h ch ich hich others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
multi-directional|||communication|||among|||bloggers|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 4Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-multi-directional multi-directional multidirectional a m mu mul mult l al nal onal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-communication communication communication a c co com comm n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-among among among a a am amo amon g ng ong mong others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-bloggers bloggers bloggers a b bl blo blog s rs ers gers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
readers.|||Previous|||work|||focused|||predominantly|||on|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-readers. readers. readers . r re rea read . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Previous previous previous a P Pr Pre Prev s us ous ious InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-focused focused focused a f fo foc focu d ed sed used others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogger,|||and|||this|||paper|||focuses|||mostly|||on|||readers.|||Future noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogger, blogger, blogger , b bl blo blog , r, er, ger, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-this this this a t th thi this s is his this others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
work|||should|||take|||an|||integrative|||approach,|||looking|||at|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-work work work a w wo wor work k rk ork work others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-should should should a s sh sho shou d ld uld ould others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-take take take a t ta tak take e ke ake take others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-an an an a a an an| an|| | || n|| an|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
same|||interaction|||from|||both|||the|||blogger’s|||and|||the|||reader’s noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-same same same a s sa sam same e me ame same others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-both both both a b bo bot both h th oth both others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
perspectives,|||as|||well|||as|||looking|||at|||interactions|||between noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-perspectives, perspectives, perspectives , p pe per pers , s, es, ves, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-well well well a w we wel well l ll ell well others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
blog|||readers|||in|||specific|||contexts,|||such|||as|||political|||blogs, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blog blog blog a b bl blo blog g og log blog others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers readers readers a r re rea read s rs ers ders others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-specific specific specific a s sp spe spec c ic fic ific others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
religious|||blogs,|||or|||mommy|||blogs.|||What|||interactional noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-6 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-religious religious religious a r re rel reli s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs, blogs, blogs , b bl blo blog , s, gs, ogs, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-or or or a o or or| or|| | || r|| or|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-mommy mommy mommy a m mo mom momm y my mmy ommy others nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others bodyText
aspects|||of|||blogging,|||including|||both|||blogger|||and|||reader,|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-aspects aspects aspects a a as asp aspe s ts cts ects others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogging, blogging, blogging , b bl blo blog , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-including including including a i in inc incl g ng ing ding others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
unique|||to|||each|||of|||these|||communities?|||What|||aspects noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-unique unique unique a u un uni uniq e ue que ique others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-each each each a e ea eac each h ch ach each others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
transcend|||individual|||communities|||to|||characterize|||blogging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-transcend transcend transcend a t tr tra tran d nd end cend others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-individual individual individual a i in ind indi l al ual dual others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-communities communities communities a c co com comm s es ies ties others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others bodyText
in|||general?|||How|||do|||common|||practices|||from|||blogging noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-general? general? general ? g ge gen gene ? l? al? ral? others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-How how how a H Ho How How| | w| ow| How| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-do do do a d do do| do|| | || o|| do|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
impact|||social|||interaction|||in|||other|||contexts|||beyond|||blogs? noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-impact impact impact a i im imp impa t ct act pact others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-interaction interaction interaction a i in int inte n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
CONCLUSION noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 1Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CONCLUSION conclusion conclusion A C CO CON CONC N ON ION SION AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
In|||examining|||the|||increasingly|||common|||social|||activity|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-In in in a I In In| In|| | || n|| In|| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-examining examining examining a e ex exa exam g ng ing ning others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-increasingly increasingly increasingly a i in inc incr y ly gly ngly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
blogging,|||we|||must|||consider|||the|||experiences,|||roles,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogging, blogging, blogging , b bl blo blog , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-we we we a w we we| we|| | || e|| we|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-must must must a m mu mus must t st ust must others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-consider consider consider a c co con cons r er der ider others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
contributions|||of|||readers,|||even|||when|||less|||readily|||apparent noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-contributions contributions contributions a c co con cont s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-readers, readers, readers , r re rea read , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
than|||those|||of|||bloggers.|||This|||paper|||presents|||a|||qualitative noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-those those those a t th tho thos e se ose hose others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-bloggers. bloggers. bloggers . b bl blo blog . s. rs. ers. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
study|||that|||focuses|||on|||blog|||readers,|||their|||reading|||practices, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-study study study a s st stu stud y dy udy tudy others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-focuses focuses focuses a f fo foc focu s es ses uses others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
their|||perceptions|||of|||blogs|||and|||bloggers,|||and|||what|||it|||means noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-perceptions perceptions perceptions a p pe per perc s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
to|||be|||a|||part|||of|||a|||blog.|||The|||findings|||presented|||here|||indicate noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-be be be a b be be| be|| | || e|| be|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-part part part a p pa par part t rt art part others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
that|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging,|||of|||which|||readers|||are|||an noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-that that that a t th tha that t at hat that others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-activity activity activity a a ac act acti y ty ity vity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
integral|||part,|||is|||far|||more|||heterogeneous|||and|||multifaceted noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-integral integral integral a i in int inte l al ral gral others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-part, part, part , p pa par part , t, rt, art, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-is is is a i is is| is|| | || s|| is|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-far far far a f fa far far| | r| ar| far| others nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others bodyText
than|||previously|||suggested.|||Even|||though|||ten|||of|||our|||fifteen noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-previously previously previously a p pr pre prev y ly sly usly others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-suggested. suggested. suggested . s su sug sugg . d. ed. ted. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Even even even a E Ev Eve Even n en ven Even InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others bodyText
participants|||are|||between|||18-25|||years|||old|||and|||eleven|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-participants participants participants a p pa par part s ts nts ants others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-between between between a b be bet betw n en een ween others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-18-25 18-25 1825 0 1 18 18- 18-2 5 25 -25 8-25 others possiblePage 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
fifteen|||are|||students,|||the|||ways|||in|||which|||they|||read|||blogs,|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-fifteen fifteen fifteen a f fi fif fift n en een teen others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-are are are a a ar are are| | e| re| are| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-students, students, students , s st stu stud , s, ts, nts, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
even|||their|||definitions|||of|||what|||constitutes|||a|||blog,|||are noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-even even even a e ev eve even n en ven even others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others bodyText
dramatically|||different.|||The|||analysis|||here|||draws|||on|||reader- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-dramatically dramatically dramatically a d dr dra dram y ly lly ally others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-different. different. different . d di dif diff . t. nt. ent. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-analysis analysis analysis a a an ana anal s is sis ysis others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
response|||theory|||to|||argue|||that,|||rather|||than|||using|||structural|||or noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-response response response a r re res resp e se nse onse others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-theory theory theory a t th the theo y ry ory eory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-argue argue argue a a ar arg argu e ue gue rgue others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
content-based|||features|||in|||order|||to|||classify|||blogs,|||it|||may|||be noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-content-based content-based contentbased a c co con cont d ed sed ased others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-features features features a f fe fea feat s es res ures others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-order order order a o or ord orde r er der rder others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
more|||informative|||to|||consider|||them|||in|||terms|||of|||interactional noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-informative informative informative a i in inf info e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-consider consider consider a c co con cons r er der ider others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
features|||and|||readers’|||experiences.|||This|||focus|||resonates|||with noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-features features features a f fe fea feat s es res ures others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-readers’ readers’ readers ’ r re rea read ’ s’ rs’ ers’ others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-experiences. experiences. experiences . e ex exp expe . s. es. ces. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
1119 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1119 1119 1119 0 1 11 111 1119 9 19 119 1119 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
CHI|||2008|||Proceedings|||·|||Shared|||Authoring|||April|||5-10,|||2008|||·|||Florence,|||Italy noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-2008 2008 2008 0 2 20 200 2008 8 08 008 2008 others year 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Proceedings proceedings proceedings a P Pr Pro Proc s gs ngs ings InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-· · empty · · ·| ·|| ·||| | || ||| ·||| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others note
current|||trends|||in|||HCI,|||such|||as|||embodied|||interaction|||[5]. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-current current current a c cu cur curr t nt ent rent others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-trends trends trends a t tr tre tren s ds nds ends others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-HCI, hci, hci , H HC HCI HCI, , I, CI, HCI, AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
This|||paper|||describes|||various|||ways|||in|||which|||blog|||reading|||is noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-This this this a T Th Thi This s is his This InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-describes describes describes a d de des desc s es bes ibes others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-various various various a v va var vari s us ous ious others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
more|||than|||just|||reading.|||It|||leads|||the|||reader|||to|||form|||complex noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-more more more a m mo mor more e re ore more others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-than than than a t th tha than n an han than others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-just just just a j ju jus just t st ust just others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-reading. reading. reading . r re rea read . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no stopPunct bodyText
definitions|||of|||the|||term|||“blog,”|||each|||of|||which|||differs|||to noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-definitions definitions definitions a d de def defi s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-term term term a t te ter term m rm erm term others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
varying|||degrees|||from|||the|||definitions|||used|||by|||bloggers.|||The noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-varying varying varying a v va var vary g ng ing ying others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-degrees degrees degrees a d de deg degr s es ees rees others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-from from from a f fr fro from m om rom from others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
paper|||also|||offers|||a|||view|||into|||the|||perception|||of|||the|||digital noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-paper paper paper a p pa pap pape r er per aper others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-offers offers offers a o of off offe s rs ers fers others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
presentation|||of|||self|||in|||blogs.|||Blog|||reading|||allows|||for|||widely noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-presentation presentation presentation a p pr pre pres n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-self self self a s se sel self f lf elf self others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
varied|||means|||of|||“being|||a|||part,”|||giving|||rise|||to|||new|||notions noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-varied varied varied a v va var vari d ed ied ried others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-means means means a m me mea mean s ns ans eans others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-“being “being being a “ “b “be “bei g ng ing eing others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
of|||community|||and|||belonging.|||This|||paper|||outlines|||the|||role|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-community community community a c co com comm y ty ity nity others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-belonging. belonging. belonging . b be bel belo . g. ng. ing. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct bodyText
the|||reader|||in|||the|||activity|||of|||blogging,|||laying|||a|||general noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-reader reader reader a r re rea read r er der ader others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
foundation|||for|||future|||work. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 4Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-foundation foundation foundation a f fo fou foun n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-future future future a f fu fut futu e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-work. work. work . w wo wor work . k. rk. ork. others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct bodyText
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 1Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-ACKNOWLEDGMENTS acknowledgments acknowledgments A A AC ACK ACKN S TS NTS ENTS AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
Thanks|||to|||the|||California|||Institute|||for|||Telecommunications noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Thanks thanks thanks a T Th Tha Than s ks nks anks InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-California california california a C Ca Cal Cali a ia nia rnia InitCap nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others bodyText
and|||Information|||Technology,|||the|||Summer|||Undergraduate noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Information information information a I In Inf Info n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Technology, technology, technology , T Te Tec Tech , y, gy, ogy, InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others bodyText
Research|||Fellowship|||in|||Information|||Technologies|||Program, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Research research research a R Re Res Rese h ch rch arch InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Fellowship fellowship fellowship a F Fe Fel Fell p ip hip ship InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Information information information a I In Inf Info n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
the|||Emulex|||Corporation,|||and|||the|||Donald|||Bren|||School|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Emulex emulex emulex a E Em Emu Emul x ex lex ulex InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Corporation, corporation, corporation , C Co Cor Corp , n, on, ion, InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Information|||and|||Computer|||Sciences|||for|||their|||support. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Information information information a I In Inf Info n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Computer computer computer a C Co Com Comp r er ter uter InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Sciences sciences sciences a S Sc Sci Scie s es ces nces InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
Thanks|||also|||to|||Bonnie|||Nardi|||for|||comments|||on|||an|||earlier noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Thanks thanks thanks a T Th Tha Than s ks nks anks InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-also also also a a al als also o so lso also others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-Bonnie bonnie bonnie a B Bo Bon Bonn e ie nie nnie InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no others bodyText
draft,|||to|||Peter|||Krapp|||and|||Nathaniel|||Pope|||for|||discussions noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-draft, draft, draft , d dr dra draf , t, ft, aft, others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-Peter peter peter a P Pe Pet Pete r er ter eter InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Krapp krapp krapp a K Kr Kra Krap p pp app rapp InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others bodyText
about|||blogs|||and|||blogging,|||and|||to|||the|||anonymous|||reviewers noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-about about about a a ab abo abou t ut out bout others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogs blogs blogs a b bl blo blog s gs ogs logs others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-blogging, blogging, blogging , b bl blo blog , g, ng, ing, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct bodyText
for|||their|||valuable|||feedback|||and|||suggestions. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-for for for a f fo for for| | r| or| for| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-their their their a t th the thei r ir eir heir others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-valuable valuable valuable a v va val valu e le ble able others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-feedback feedback feedback a f fe fee feed k ck ack back others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others bodyText
REFERENCES noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 1Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_yes xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-REFERENCES references references A R RE REF REFE S ES CES NCES AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others sectionHeader
1.|||boyd,|||d.|||Faceted|||id/entity:|||Managing|||representation|||in|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1. 1. 1 . 1 1. 1.| 1.|| | || .|| 1.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-boyd, boyd, boyd , b bo boy boyd , d, yd, oyd, others nonNum 37 maleName no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-d. d. d . d d. d.| d.|| | || .|| d.|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Faceted faceted faceted a F Fa Fac Face d ed ted eted InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
digital|||world.|||Masters|||Thesis,|||Massachusetts|||Institute|||of noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-digital digital digital a d di dig digi l al tal ital others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-world. world. world . w wo wor worl . d. ld. rld. others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-Masters masters masters a M Ma Mas Mast s rs ers ters InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Thesis, thesis, thesis , T Th The Thes , s, is, sis, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
Technology,|||Cambridge,|||MA,|||2002 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Technology, technology, technology , T Te Tec Tech , y, gy, ogy, InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-Cambridge, cambridge, cambridge , C Ca Cam Camb , e, ge, dge, InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-MA, ma, ma , M MA MA, MA,| | ,| A,| MA,| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-2002 2002 2002 0 2 20 200 2002 2 02 002 2002 others year 0 no no no no no no others reference
2.|||boyd,|||d.|||A|||blogger's|||blog:|||Exploring|||the|||definition|||of|||a noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-2. 2. 2 . 2 2. 2.| 2.|| | || .|| 2.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-boyd, boyd, boyd , b bo boy boyd , d, yd, oyd, others nonNum 37 maleName no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-d. d. d . d d. d.| d.|| | || .|| d.|| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-A a a A A A| A|| A||| | || ||| A||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others reference
medium|||Reconstruction|||10,|||4|||(2006). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-medium medium medium a m me med medi m um ium dium others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Reconstruction reconstruction reconstruction a R Re Rec Reco n on ion tion InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-10, 10, 10 , 1 10 10, 10,| | ,| 0,| 10,| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-4 4 4 0 4 4| 4|| 4||| | || ||| 4||| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no others reference
3.|||Davis,|||T.F.|||and|||Womack,|||K.|||Formalist|||Criticism|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-3. 3. 3 . 3 3. 3.| 3.|| | || .|| 3.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Davis, davis, davis , D Da Dav Davi , s, is, vis, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-T.F. t.f. tf . T T. T.F T.F. . F. .F. T.F. AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Reader-Response|||Theory.|||Palgrave,|||New|||York,|||2002. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 4Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Reader-Response reader-response readerresponse a R Re Rea Read e se nse onse InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Theory. theory. theory . T Th The Theo . y. ry. ory. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Palgrave, palgrave, palgrave , P Pa Pal Palg , e, ve, ave, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-New new new a N Ne New New| | w| ew| New| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others reference
4.|||de|||Solla|||Price,|||D.J.|||Little|||Science,|||Big|||Science. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-4. 4. 4 . 4 4. 4.| 4.|| | || .|| 4.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-de de de a d de de| de|| | || e|| de|| others nonNum 2 no femaleName no no no no others TOKEN-Solla solla solla a S So Sol Soll a la lla olla InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Price, price, price , P Pr Pri Pric , e, ce, ice, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct reference
Columbia|||University|||Press,|||New|||York,|||1963. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Columbia columbia columbia a C Co Col Colu a ia bia mbia InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no others TOKEN-University university university a U Un Uni Univ y ty ity sity InitCap nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-Press, press, press , P Pr Pre Pres , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-New new new a N Ne New New| | w| ew| New| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others reference
5.|||Dourish,|||P.|||Where|||the|||action|||is.|||MIT|||Press,|||Cambridge, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-5. 5. 5 . 5 5. 5.| 5.|| | || .|| 5.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Dourish, dourish, dourish , D Do Dou Dour , h, sh, ish, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-P. p. p . P P. P.| P.|| | || .|| P.|| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Where where where a W Wh Whe Wher e re ere here InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
MA,|||2001. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 1Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-MA, ma, ma , M MA MA, MA,| | ,| A,| MA,| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-2001. 2001. 2001 . 2 20 200 2001 . 1. 01. 001. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
6.|||Driskell,|||R.B.|||and|||Lyon,|||L.|||Are|||virtual|||communities noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-6. 6. 6 . 6 6. 6.| 6.|| | || .|| 6.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Driskell, driskell, driskell , D Dr Dri Dris , l, ll, ell, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-R.B. r.b. rb . R R. R.B R.B. . B. .B. R.B. AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
true|||communities?|||Examining|||the|||environments|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-true true true a t tr tru true e ue rue true others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-communities? communities? communities ? c co com comm ? s? es? ies? others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Examining examining examining a E Ex Exa Exam g ng ing ning InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others reference
elements|||of|||community.|||City|||&|||Community|||1,|||4|||(2002). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-elements elements elements a e el ele elem s ts nts ents others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-community. community. community . c co com comm . y. ty. ity. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-City city city a C Ci Cit City y ty ity City InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
373-390. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-373-390. 373-390. 373390 . 3 37 373 373- . 0. 90. 390. others possiblePage 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
7.|||Efimova,|||L.|||and|||Moor,|||A.d.,|||Beyond|||personal noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-7. 7. 7 . 7 7. 7.| 7.|| | || .|| 7.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Efimova, efimova, efimova , E Ef Efi Efim , a, va, ova, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-L. l. l . L L. L.| L.|| | || .|| L.|| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
webpublishing:|||An|||exploratory|||study|||of|||conversational noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-webpublishing: webpublishing: webpublishing : w we web webp : g: ng: ing: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-An an an a A An An| An|| | || n|| An|| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-exploratory exploratory exploratory a e ex exp expl y ry ory tory others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-study study study a s st stu stud y dy udy tudy others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
blogging|||practices.|||in|||HI|||Int’l|||Conf|||on|||Sys|||Sci,|||(2005), noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-blogging blogging blogging a b bl blo blog g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-practices. practices. practices . p pr pra prac . s. es. ces. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-HI hi hi A H HI HI| HI|| | || I|| HI|| AllCap nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others reference
IEEE|||Computer|||Society. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-IEEE ieee ieee A I IE IEE IEEE E EE EEE IEEE AllCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Computer computer computer a C Co Com Comp r er ter uter InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Society. society. society . S So Soc Soci . y. ty. ety. InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
8.|||Furukawa,|||T.,|||Matsuo,|||Y.,|||Ohmukai,|||I.,|||Uchiyama,|||K. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-8. 8. 8 . 8 8. 8.| 8.|| | || .|| 8.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Furukawa, furukawa, furukawa , F Fu Fur Furu , a, wa, awa, InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-T., t., t , T T. T., T.,| | ,| .,| T.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Matsuo, matsuo, matsuo , M Ma Mat Mats , o, uo, suo, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct reference
and|||Ishizuka,|||M.,|||Social|||Networks|||and|||Reading noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Ishizuka, ishizuka, ishizuka , I Is Ish Ishi , a, ka, uka, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-M., m., m , M M. M., M.,| | ,| .,| M.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Social social social a S So Soc Soci l al ial cial InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Behavior|||in|||Blogosphere.|||in|||Int’l|||Conf|||on|||Weblogs|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Behavior behavior behavior a B Be Beh Beha r or ior vior InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Blogosphere. blogosphere. blogosphere . B Bl Blo Blog . e. re. ere. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
Social|||Media,|||(2007). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Social social social a S So Soc Soci l al ial cial InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Media, media, media , M Me Med Medi , a, ia, dia, InitCap nonNum 52 no no lastName no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-(2007). (2007). 2007 . ( (2 (20 (200 . ). 7). 07). others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
9.|||Goffman,|||E.|||The|||presentation|||of|||self|||in|||everyday|||life. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-9. 9. 9 . 9 9. 9.| 9.|| | || .|| 9.|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Goffman, goffman, goffman , G Go Gof Goff , n, an, man, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-E. e. e . E E. E.| E.|| | || .|| E.|| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others reference
Doubleday,|||New|||York,|||1959. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Doubleday, doubleday, doubleday , D Do Dou Doub , y, ay, day, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-New new new a N Ne New New| | w| ew| New| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-York, york, york , Y Yo Yor York , k, rk, ork, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-1959. 1959. 1959 . 1 19 195 1959 . 9. 59. 959. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct reference
10.|||Herring,|||S.C.,|||Kouper,|||I.,|||Paolillo,|||J.C.,|||Scheidt,|||L.A., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-10. 10. 10 . 1 10 10. 10.| | .| 0.| 10.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Herring, herring, herring , H He Her Herr , g, ng, ing, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-S.C., s.c., sc , S S. S.C S.C. , ., C., .C., AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Kouper, kouper, kouper , K Ko Kou Koup , r, er, per, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
Tyworth,|||M.,|||Welsch,|||P.,|||Wright,|||E.|||and|||Yu,|||N., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Tyworth, tyworth, tyworth , T Ty Tyw Tywo , h, th, rth, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-M., m., m , M M. M., M.,| | ,| .,| M.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Welsch, welsch, welsch , W We Wel Wels , h, ch, sch, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-P., p., p , P P. P., P.,| | ,| .,| P.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
Conversations|||in|||the|||blogosphere:|||An|||analysis|||"from|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Conversations conversations conversations a C Co Con Conv s ns ons ions InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-blogosphere: blogosphere: blogosphere : b bl blo blog : e: re: ere: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
bottom|||up."|||in|||HI|||Int’l|||Conf|||on|||Sys|||Sci,|||(2005),|||IEEE noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-bottom bottom bottom a b bo bot bott m om tom ttom others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-up." up." up " u up up. up." " ." p." up." others nonNum 0 no no no no no no endQuote TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-HI hi hi A H HI HI| HI|| | || I|| HI|| AllCap nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no others reference
Computer|||Society. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Computer computer computer a C Co Com Comp r er ter uter InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Society. society. society . S So Soc Soci . y. ty. ety. InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
11.|||Herring,|||S.C.,|||Scheidt,|||L.A.,|||Bonus,|||S.|||and|||Wright,|||E., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-11. 11. 11 . 1 11 11. 11.| | .| 1.| 11.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Herring, herring, herring , H He Her Herr , g, ng, ing, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-S.C., s.c., sc , S S. S.C S.C. , ., C., .C., AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Scheidt, scheidt, scheidt , S Sc Sch Sche , t, dt, idt, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct reference
Bridging|||the|||gap:|||A|||genre|||analysis|||of|||weblogs.|||in|||HI noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Bridging bridging bridging a B Br Bri Brid g ng ing ging InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-the the the a t th the the| | e| he| the| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-gap: gap: gap : g ga gap gap: : p: ap: gap: others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-A a a A A A| A|| A||| | || ||| A||| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others reference
Int’l|||Conf|||on|||Sys|||Sci,|||(2004),|||IEEE|||Computer|||Society. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Int’l int’l intl a I In Int Int’ l ’l t’l nt’l InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Conf conf conf a C Co Con Conf f nf onf Conf InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-on on on a o on on| on|| | || n|| on|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Sys sys sys a S Sy Sys Sys| | s| ys| Sys| InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
12.|||Hillery,|||G.|||Definitions|||of|||community.|||Rural|||Sociology noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-12. 12. 12 . 1 12 12. 12.| | .| 2.| 12.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Hillery, hillery, hillery , H Hi Hil Hill , y, ry, ery, InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-G. g. g . G G. G.| G.|| | || .|| G.|| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-Definitions definitions definitions a D De Def Defi s ns ons ions InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
20,|||(1955),|||779-791. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-20, 20, 20 , 2 20 20, 20,| | ,| 0,| 20,| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-(1955), (1955), 1955 , ( (1 (19 (195 , ), 5), 55), others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-779-791. 779-791. 779791 . 7 77 779 779- . 1. 91. 791. others possiblePage 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
13.|||Kaye,|||J.,|||I|||just|||clicked|||to|||say|||I|||love|||you:|||Rich noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_0 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-13. 13. 13 . 1 13 13. 13.| | .| 3.| 13.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Kaye, kaye, kaye , K Ka Kay Kaye , e, ye, aye, InitCap nonNum 6 no femaleName lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-J., j., j , J J. J., J.,| | ,| .,| J.,| singleCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-I i i A I I| I|| I||| | || ||| I||| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
evaluations|||of|||minimal|||communication.|||in|||CHI noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-evaluations evaluations evaluations a e ev eva eval s ns ons ions others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-minimal minimal minimal a m mi min mini l al mal imal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-communication. communication. communication . c co com comm . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct reference
Extended|||Abstracts,|||(2006),|||ACM|||Press,|||363-368. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 4Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Extended extended extended a E Ex Ext Exte d ed ded nded InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Abstracts, abstracts, abstracts , A Ab Abs Abst , s, ts, cts, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-(2006), (2006), 2006 , ( (2 (20 (200 , ), 6), 06), others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
14.|||Kuwabara,|||K.,|||Watanabe,|||T.,|||Ohguro,|||T.,|||Itoh,|||Y.|||and noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-14. 14. 14 . 1 14 14. 14.| | .| 4.| 14.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Kuwabara, kuwabara, kuwabara , K Ku Kuw Kuwa , a, ra, ara, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-K., k., k , K K. K., K.,| | ,| .,| K.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Watanabe, watanabe, watanabe , W Wa Wat Wata , e, be, abe, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct reference
Maeda,|||Y.,|||Connectedness|||oriented|||communication noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Maeda, maeda, maeda , M Ma Mae Maed , a, da, eda, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-Y., y., y , Y Y. Y., Y.,| | ,| .,| Y.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Connectedness connectedness connectedness a C Co Con Conn s ss ess ness InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-oriented oriented oriented a o or ori orie d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
fostering|||a|||sense|||of|||connectedness|||to|||augment|||social noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-fostering fostering fostering a f fo fos fost g ng ing ring others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-a a a a a a| a|| a||| | || ||| a||| others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-sense sense sense a s se sen sens e se nse ense others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others reference
relationships.|||in|||SAINT,|||(2002),|||Computer|||Society. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-relationships. relationships. relationships . r re rel rela . s. ps. ips. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-SAINT, saint, saint , S SA SAI SAIN , T, NT, INT, AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-(2002), (2002), 2002 , ( (2 (20 (200 , ), 2), 02), others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
15.|||Lenhart,|||A.B.|||Unstable|||Texts:|||An|||Ethnographic|||Look|||at noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_1 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-15. 15. 15 . 1 15 15. 15.| | .| 5.| 15.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Lenhart, lenhart, lenhart , L Le Len Lenh , t, rt, art, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-A.B. a.b. ab . A A. A.B A.B. . B. .B. A.B. AllCap nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Unstable unstable unstable a U Un Uns Unst e le ble able InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
How|||Bloggers|||and|||Their|||Audience|||Negotiate|||Self- noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-How how how a H Ho How How| | w| ow| How| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Bloggers bloggers bloggers a B Bl Blo Blog s rs ers gers InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Their their their a T Th The Thei r ir eir heir InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Presentation,|||Authenticity,|||and|||Norm|||Formation, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Presentation, presentation, presentation , P Pr Pre Pres , n, on, ion, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Authenticity, authenticity, authenticity , A Au Aut Auth , y, ty, ity, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Norm norm norm a N No Nor Norm m rm orm Norm InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Masters|||Thesis,|||Georgetown|||University,|||Washington, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Masters masters masters a M Ma Mas Mast s rs ers ters InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Thesis, thesis, thesis , T Th The Thes , s, is, sis, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Georgetown georgetown georgetown a G Ge Geo Geor n wn own town InitCap nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-University, university, university , U Un Uni Univ , y, ty, ity, InitCap nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName contPunct reference
D.C.,|||2005. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-D.C., d.c., dc , D D. D.C D.C. , ., C., .C., AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-2005. 2005. 2005 . 2 20 200 2005 . 5. 05. 005. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
16.|||Lenhart,|||A.B.|||and|||Fox,|||S.|||Bloggers:|||A|||portrait|||of|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-16. 16. 16 . 1 16 16. 16.| | .| 6.| 16.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Lenhart, lenhart, lenhart , L Le Len Lenh , t, rt, art, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-A.B. a.b. ab . A A. A.B A.B. . B. .B. A.B. AllCap nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Internet's|||new|||storytellers,|||Pew|||Internet|||&|||American noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Internet's internet's internets a I In Int Inte s 's t's et's InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-new new new a n ne new new| | w| ew| new| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-storytellers, storytellers, storytellers , s st sto stor , s, rs, ers, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Pew pew pew a P Pe Pew Pew| | w| ew| Pew| InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
Life|||Project,|||2006. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_2 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Life life life a L Li Lif Life e fe ife Life InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Project, project, project , P Pr Pro Proj , t, ct, ect, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-2006. 2006. 2006 . 2 20 200 2006 . 6. 06. 006. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
17.|||Lewis,|||C.S.|||An|||experiment|||in|||criticism.|||Cambridge noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-17. 17. 17 . 1 17 17. 17.| | .| 7.| 17.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Lewis, lewis, lewis , L Le Lew Lewi , s, is, wis, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-C.S. c.s. cs . C C. C.S C.S. . S. .S. C.S. AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-An an an a A An An| An|| | || n|| An|| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others reference
University|||Press,|||1992. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-University university university a U Un Uni Univ y ty ity sity InitCap nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-Press, press, press , P Pr Pre Pres , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-1992. 1992. 1992 . 1 19 199 1992 . 2. 92. 992. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
18.|||Lofland,|||J.|||and|||Lofland,|||L.|||Analyzing|||social|||settings:|||A noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-18. 18. 18 . 1 18 18. 18.| | .| 8.| 18.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Lofland, lofland, lofland , L Lo Lof Lofl , d, nd, and, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-J. j. j . J J. J.| J.|| | || .|| J.|| singleCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
guide|||to|||qualitative|||observation|||and|||analysis. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-guide guide guide a g gu gui guid e de ide uide others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-to to to a t to to| to|| | || o|| to|| others nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-qualitative qualitative qualitative a q qu qua qual e ve ive tive others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-observation observation observation a o ob obs obse n on ion tion others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
Wadsworth,|||Belmont,|||CA,|||1995. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-Wadsworth, wadsworth, wadsworth , W Wa Wad Wads , h, th, rth, InitCap nonNum 53 maleName no lastName no placeName publisherName contPunct TOKEN-Belmont, belmont, belmont , B Be Bel Belm , t, nt, ont, InitCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-CA, ca, ca , C CA CA, CA,| | ,| A,| CA,| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-1995. 1995. 1995 . 1 19 199 1995 . 5. 95. 995. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct reference
19.|||Marlow,|||C.,|||Audience,|||Structure,|||and|||Authority|||in|||the noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-19. 19. 19 . 1 19 19. 19.| | .| 9.| 19.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Marlow, marlow, marlow , M Ma Mar Marl , w, ow, low, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-C., c., c , C C. C., C.,| | ,| .,| C.,| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Audience, audience, audience , A Au Aud Audi , e, ce, nce, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
Weblog|||Community.|||in|||Int’l|||Comm|||Assoc|||Conf,|||(2004). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_3 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Weblog weblog weblog a W We Web Webl g og log blog InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Community. community. community . C Co Com Comm . y. ty. ity. InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-Int’l int’l intl a I In Int Int’ l ’l t’l nt’l InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
20.|||Miller,|||D.|||and|||Slater,|||D.|||Chapter|||One|||-|||Conclusions.|||in noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-20. 20. 20 . 2 20 20. 20.| | .| 0.| 20.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Miller, miller, miller , M Mi Mil Mill , r, er, ler, InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-D. d. d . D D. D.| D.|| | || .|| D.|| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
The|||Internet:|||An|||Ethnographic|||Approach,|||Berg,|||Oxford, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-Internet: internet: internet : I In Int Inte : t: et: net: InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-An an an a A An An| An|| | || n|| An|| InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName others TOKEN-Ethnographic ethnographic ethnographic a E Et Eth Ethn c ic hic phic InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
2000. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-2000. 2000. 2000 . 2 20 200 2000 . 0. 00. 000. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
21.|||Nardi,|||B.A.,|||Schiano,|||D.J.|||and|||Gumbrecht,|||M., noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-21. 21. 21 . 2 21 21. 21.| | .| 1.| 21.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Nardi, nardi, nardi , N Na Nar Nard , i, di, rdi, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-B.A., b.a., ba , B B. B.A B.A. , ., A., .A., AllCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-Schiano, schiano, schiano , S Sc Sch Schi , o, no, ano, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct reference
Blogging|||as|||social|||activity,|||or,|||would|||you|||let|||900 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Blogging blogging blogging a B Bl Blo Blog g ng ing ging InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-as as as a a as as| as|| | || s|| as|| others nonNum 16 no no no no placeName no others TOKEN-social social social a s so soc soci l al ial cial others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-activity, activity, activity , a ac act acti , y, ty, ity, others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
million|||people|||read|||your|||diary?|||in|||ACM|||CSCW,|||(2004), noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-million million million a m mi mil mill n on ion lion others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-people people people a p pe peo peop e le ple ople others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-read read read a r re rea read d ad ead read others nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no others TOKEN-your your your a y yo you your r ur our your others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
ACM|||Press,|||222-231. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_4 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Press, press, press , P Pr Pre Pres , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct TOKEN-222-231. 222-231. 222231 . 2 22 222 222- . 1. 31. 231. others possiblePage 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
22.|||Nardi,|||B.A.,|||Whittaker,|||S.|||and|||Bradner,|||E.,|||Interaction noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-22. 22. 22 . 2 22 22. 22.| | .| 2.| 22.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Nardi, nardi, nardi , N Na Nar Nard , i, di, rdi, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-B.A., b.a., ba , B B. B.A B.A. , ., A., .A., AllCap nonNum 20 no no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-Whittaker, whittaker, whittaker , W Wh Whi Whit , r, er, ker, InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no contPunct reference
and|||outeraction:|||instant|||messaging|||in|||action.|||in|||ACM noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-and and and a a an and and| | d| nd| and| others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-outeraction: outeraction: outeraction : o ou out oute : n: on: ion: others nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-instant instant instant a i in ins inst t nt ant tant others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-messaging messaging messaging a m me mes mess g ng ing ging others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
CSCW,|||(2000),|||ACM|||Press,|||79--88. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-CSCW, cscw, cscw , C CS CSC CSCW , W, CW, SCW, AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-(2000), (2000), 2000 , ( (2 (20 (200 , ), 0), 00), others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Press, press, press , P Pr Pre Pres , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct reference
23.|||Reed,|||A.|||'My|||blog|||is|||me':|||Texts|||and|||person|||in|||UK noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-23. 23. 23 . 2 23 23. 23.| | .| 3.| 23.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Reed, reed, reed , R Re Ree Reed , d, ed, eed, InitCap nonNum 5 maleName no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-A. a. a . A A. A.| A.|| | || .|| A.|| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-'My 'my my a ' 'M 'My 'My| | y| My| 'My| InitCap nonNum 1 maleName no no no no no leadQuote reference
online|||journal|||culture|||(and|||anthropology).|||Ethnos|||70,|||2 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-online online online a o on onl onli e ne ine line others nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others TOKEN-journal journal journal a j jo jou jour l al nal rnal others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-culture culture culture a c cu cul cult e re ure ture others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-(and (and and a ( (a (an (and d nd and (and others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
(2005). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-(2005). (2005). 2005 . ( (2 (20 (200 . ). 5). 05). others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
24.|||Schmidt,|||J.|||Blogging|||practices:|||An|||analytical noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_5 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-24. 24. 24 . 2 24 24. 24.| | .| 4.| 24.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Schmidt, schmidt, schmidt , S Sc Sch Schm , t, dt, idt, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-J. j. j . J J. J.| J.|| | || .|| J.|| singleCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Blogging blogging blogging a B Bl Blo Blog g ng ing ging InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
framework.|||Journal|||of|||CMC|||12,|||4,|||(2007). noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 4Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-framework. framework. framework . f fr fra fram . k. rk. ork. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Journal journal journal a J Jo Jou Jour l al nal rnal InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-of of of a o of of| of|| | || f|| of|| others nonNum 48 no no no no placeName publisherName others TOKEN-CMC cmc cmc A C CM CMC CMC| | C| MC| CMC| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
25.|||Sifry,|||D.|||The|||State|||of|||the|||Live|||Web,|||Technorati,|||2007, noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-25. 25. 25 . 2 25 25. 25.| | .| 5.| 25.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Sifry, sifry, sifry , S Si Sif Sifr , y, ry, fry, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-D. d. d . D D. D.| D.|| | || .|| D.|| singleCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-The the the a T Th The The| | e| he| The| InitCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName others reference
accessed|||September|||4,|||2007,|||from noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-accessed accessed accessed a a ac acc acce d ed sed ssed others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-September september september a S Se Sep Sept r er ber mber InitCap nonNum 8 no no no monthName no no others TOKEN-4, 4, 4 , 4 4, 4,| 4,|| | || ,|| 4,|| others 1dig 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-2007, 2007, 2007 , 2 20 200 2007 , 7, 07, 007, others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct reference
http://www.sifry.com/alerts/archives/000493.html. noEditors lineNumOthers possibleWeb POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_common xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-http://www.sifry.com/alerts/archives/000493.html. http://www.sifry.com/alerts/archives/000493.html. httpwwwsifrycomalertsarchives000493html . h ht htt http . l. ml. tml. others hasDig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
26.|||Turkle,|||S.|||Life|||on|||the|||Screen.|||Simon|||and|||Schuster,|||New noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-26. 26. 26 . 2 26 26. 26.| | .| 6.| 26.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Turkle, turkle, turkle , T Tu Tur Turk , e, le, kle, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-S. s. s . S S. S.| S.|| | || .|| S.|| singleCap nonNum 32 no no no no no publisherName stopPunct TOKEN-Life life life a L Li Lif Life e fe ife Life InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
York,|||1995. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 1Words xmlLoc_6 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-York, york, york , Y Yo Yor York , k, rk, ork, InitCap nonNum 21 maleName no lastName no placeName no contPunct TOKEN-1995. 1995. 1995 . 1 19 199 1995 . 5. 95. 995. others year 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others reference
27.|||www.almaden.ibm.com/cs/wbi.|||Accessed|||July|||2007. noEditors lineNumOthers possibleWeb POS-7 2Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-27. 27. 27 . 2 27 27. 27.| | .| 7.| 27.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-www.almaden.ibm.com/cs/wbi. www.almaden.ibm.com/cs/wbi. wwwalmadenibmcomcswbi . w ww www www. . i. bi. wbi. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Accessed accessed accessed a A Ac Acc Acce d ed sed ssed InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-July july july a J Ju Jul July y ly uly July InitCap nonNum 12 no no lastName monthName no no others reference
28.|||Wyche,|||S.P.,|||Taylor,|||A.|||and|||Kaye,|||J.,|||Pottering:|||A noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 5+Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-28. 28. 28 . 2 28 28. 28.| | .| 8.| 28.| others 2dig 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-Wyche, wyche, wyche , W Wy Wyc Wych , e, he, che, InitCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no contPunct TOKEN-S.P., s.p., sp , S S. S.P S.P. , ., P., .P., AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-Taylor, taylor, taylor , T Ta Tay Tayl , r, or, lor, InitCap nonNum 53 maleName no lastName no placeName publisherName contPunct reference
design-oriented|||investigation.|||in|||CHI|||Extended noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 4Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-design-oriented design-oriented designoriented a d de des desi d ed ted nted others nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-investigation. investigation. investigation . i in inv inve . n. on. ion. others nonNum 0 no no no no no no stopPunct TOKEN-in in in a i in in| in|| | || n|| in|| others nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others TOKEN-CHI chi chi A C CH CHI CHI| | I| HI| CHI| AllCap nonNum 4 no no lastName no no no others reference
Abstracts,|||(2007),|||ACM|||Press,|||1893-1898. noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 3Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_smaller xmlPic_no xmlTable_no xmlBullet_yes bi_xmlSFBIA_continue bi_xmlPara_continue TOKEN-Abstracts, abstracts, abstracts , A Ab Abs Abst , s, ts, cts, InitCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-(2007), (2007), 2007 , ( (2 (20 (200 , ), 7), 07), others year 0 no no no no no no contPunct TOKEN-ACM acm acm A A AC ACM ACM| | M| CM| ACM| AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-Press, press, press , P Pr Pre Pres , s, ss, ess, InitCap nonNum 36 no no lastName no no publisherName contPunct reference
1120 noEditors lineNumOthers linePunctOthers POS-7 0Words xmlLoc_7 xmlBold_no xmlItalic_no xmlFontSize_none xmlPic_yes xmlTable_no xmlBullet_no bi_xmlSFBIA_new bi_xmlPara_new TOKEN-1120 1120 1120 0 1 11 112 1120 0 20 120 1120 others 4+dig 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others TOKEN-EMPTY empty empty A E EM EMP EMPT Y TY PTY MPTY AllCap nonNum 0 no no no no no no others page
